You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress up as a farmer or a leather clothes, and never anybody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that falls into some place.
You just have to turn the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boltheon.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in average school, in Steve, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten to bleed every week in the kid's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to enter the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a love -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at night at night I got a phone call of that teacher, Mrs. Post-control who said, "I need to see you.
I'm desperate that we adults never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to take care of this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clean.
We went to see, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we intervened it, and we caused it and we moved from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a chicken box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, it had become a circle -- and that episode that I was talking about did present itself.
Education is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that part of life needs everything the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first teams.
I was started.
My heart fell fast, I was showed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tomers around me around the water almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't think that it was a snow of snow on another snow of snow year after year.
The teams are born when they get away from glaciers or break out the ice barriers.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to go back and forth to the end, while others can't afford it more and disappear in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a iceberg that are isolated and simply self-surface, as you see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a time, I am breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I came up to photograph these tapes as if it would be the portrait of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and they won't exist in that way again.
It's not the death when they're delivered, it's not an end, but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life.
Part of the iceberg ice that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a piece that I photographed in Keptzonia, Greenland.
It's kind of frequent to really get a street time.
Here they are.
You can see a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling around, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Grand iceberg of Greenland.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so the theater shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single baby.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them are learning and started life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my activity I'm going to make two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy ...
I am a training historian and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy --  -- of human and animal bodies -- how the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a defender of patients, or as I say sometimes impossible of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with simple twins, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with some cancer, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in male and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it institution.
Institution takes a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't be claimed in male or female form.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray commitment whose SRIS gene of the chromosome and tells the protests, that we all have in the fecal life, that they become testilus.
And then, in fecal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks textbooks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insulin to the agriculture.
So there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a result, the body develops by following a typically female course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a girl.
It's a girl. It's raised like a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it tests realize that instead of having ovarian and thermostat, actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supernovae glasses.
They're in the bottom of the body.
Supermarket glands produce anesthesia, the hormone of malaria.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know his cosmic structure, I believe being a typical woman most of the women like me are sensitive to anesthesia.
We produce anesthesia, and we respond to the agricultures.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the agents that the woman who was born with testicles who have the system of insensitive to the agriculture.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the institutions are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19 year-old boy and raised as they were -- I had girlfriend, and I had sex relationships with her, he took a life as a kid, and I just discovered that he had ovarian and sheep.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a conventional supermarket hypothetical.
He had 20 chromosomes and the supernova glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their geniuses were massed, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
I was born with a child, no one suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal menstrual methane, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman.
Well, another quick example of an interraculuse case.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what you know as a originals, which is to say, have obvious tissue wrapped on terminal tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there's a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- -- whether they are analog, the simple twins, or interracier, they are being held to normal surgeries not to be able to make better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you have a number of surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is a female identity -- supposedly being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
Terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with coding.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people inside a body.
The smallest case is last year with South African corridors Saturn Seme -- he stood in the trial of his sex at the Berlin International Goals.
A lot of journalists called in order to ask, "What do you look like to do to determine whether Casey Seme is man or woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such example.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature is not a massive line between men and women or men and internal women and women and internals and internals and internals, and we are the ones that we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- which we thought were stable anatomic categories that correlate directly with stable identical categories -- they're much more difficult than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As you see, we get into a Scottish terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we have to do from the fact to differ from them in just a few nucleise?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the forms of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the feet.
There are very advanced discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of your nose, and if you moved you still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving out of it.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be allowed to make someone like me.
And in politics I'm a progressive, by giving people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
And it will be that these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an additional feature of the Foundation Foundation.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexy, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find every single thing looking at that music course 175 and not the music, which is totally standing.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Foundation Paris.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first antibiotics of anatomy and explained to them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what they rejected our Fundamental parents, was the idea of the monkey. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy attack.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power of the blood right to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They developed the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the animate differences -- that was something very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of an illustrated system that two things were being spent.
The democracy was being held by the same time science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations and they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power transported by a vague idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Indiance, you talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were taking the idea of anatomic coincidence.
And in doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future movement of Civil rights.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women tried.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the California Transisting, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that appealed to anatomic coincidence. And again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Descarce movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves, why do we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should get down to the anatomy to the anatomy of it.
I don't mean that five years old were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both conceived in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time: October 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of term, born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that we had been born three months before Mary are attributed all right, three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for everything not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other areas in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's XM: In virtue of being considered now is possible from the mandatory pioneer that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still have anatomical categories that in several aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science went so much in the field of anatomy that we got to the point to have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could deliver devoteo?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time I feel like the science is missing us.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of prainty attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have a chromosome and to marry a woman with a woman, you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice they do not do the cosmic exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the Institute of insulation to the agents.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have a solution.
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character, they go beyond the anatomy there.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people in the basis of your face?
I want to also point out that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know from some of the reductions that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some collaborators that I know can make more informed decisions and smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you get the issue of the character content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States remains this current thought of thinking in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to kill a sex shift, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made light to simulate twins and then separate them and so on.
But when the phone asked the reason of the operation, it was a very risky operation, he responded to me that in that other country, these kids would be very male and therefore I had to do it.
I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we'd given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it's that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic glaciers, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in institution, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me is the differences between men and women in terms of how we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traumatic studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable inside of the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in grad school, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- like now, made me a strange plant.
"Tell me what the feminist of female.
And I thought, "It's the dumbest question I've heard.
The feminist has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I've thought about the question, the more it seems to me that there is something female about feminism there.
That is, there might be something on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So even though the parents were very happy to find a way to protect people from the state, it's possible to have invented more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the recovery of recovery.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to the new residents.
Well, at this point, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens of them, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were proposed and the other half would still be able to do it.
They could try to increase capacity by making expectations in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you will face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the construction distraction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those excitements.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, under statue cities.
I later found out that about the same time, Jaza and October were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 orphans would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular election, Diet Lobe was incredibly imposed with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Opterone to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a large amount of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and beat all the current apartments of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like rules to progress. And usually they are the rules that prevent us to move on.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to October a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed him to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's take this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- see, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract argument, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a very simple city is a place where you start with dragonfliar terrain -- a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honors called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path to make our country forward.
I was asked to go to trigger and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennis and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennis.
This airport is covering over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the horrors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that was at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applied correctly.
The public faces were very serious and attacks.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome -- thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option from a city that you could go in Honestly, rather than hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honor government would need the help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the statue, so that everybody could trust that the status effectively comes in.
And we went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to teach their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional threat was 144 to one.
All the parts, all the factors in society, they backed it.
To include the constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17, it was passed again in another voting from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of 21 to 24 February, a 30-million decline went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years after four years getting the permissions.
The other country is interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time, it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allowing his Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of rooms.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job -- sometimes they're single mothers that have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even children are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honors?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you."
I'm Jessica and this is my value.
But before you show you what there is, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brain and colorful and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guardian in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know international people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it into my personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my star?
Would I like the color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does it bring with somebody who has all that role?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes and nothing else.
In the middle for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Spinosaurs.
And because I don't know how the woman who walks at TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is what I call the bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket -- 55 cost to me, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Longer, color is energy.
It's almost sophisticated to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars is super-entirely.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Be just yourself.
If you surround the right people, they won't just understand you, they will also appreciate you.
Microsoft: Guard of the child you get inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the disasters, or I remind you about your little seven years.
I like to stand up and say, "Thank you."
Jull? Trust is key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and external person, you don't look at you you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
See, a universal truth six words for you: Ladies donated with everything.
And finally, Saturday, to develop a personal and unique style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried over and over again when people come to me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave a certain thing.
I don't need to emotionally get out of these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy crazy, colorful and brilliant being wasted, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical side, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you cut your brain on this scale?
Some of you would be going to choose for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a huge addiction in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, who just like most of the other experimental physical physicists, we need quite logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition, well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how they react -- and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
So certain intuition that you can have developed with the past of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they develop it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell down.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar show you a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to catch them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play parking batteries, they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called quantum mechanics.
And at that point we found the physics a few years ago, needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But it didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody ever saw a particles.
But it didn't fit right to my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't should.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics supply.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the little bit of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal trace.
What we see is a small little bit of metal, with transplant form and that you have to support in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this original profit of swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or, actually, freaked up.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being only on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way it came out was like a breathing like this -- like a street that expands and contract.
And by giving it a soft push, we could make it violate and it doesn't see the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you about is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing comes and doesn't see the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that metal piece of metal are stories and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in distances when those are lined up.
In the rest of the time they're floating.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth giving me a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale of scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little metal of metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part I talk.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you get your consciousness if your body was floating in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn out the lights and we look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all objects on the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that the quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the profound weirdness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and that allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are lots of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I had a great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I began to learn a lot.
And working on Google, I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we have taken from their launch.
So, just -- let's go to Google.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the Gallowith Gallow, the MoMA, the Emili, the Russia, the God.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolis, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and she should say, we are inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bomba or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We opened the flat up, and with one click, we jumped in.
They're inside that you want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep forward. They divergen.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Bush Britan Onessonal on the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data information.
For those of you who are truly interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call genetic technology.
So this picture, for example, contains -- I think, about 10 million people.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million people?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million people.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But they really want to be deeply.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Wait a moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan Mediterranean, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "uncomfortable, which is to hit an ocean with a stick on the Carolina Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get the cracks out.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go back the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night star" now."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pants?
And if you want to see how Van Gandala actually created this teacher work?
It really goes up and really does it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night study" -- I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Complexity.
All of you, absolutely all of you, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mission, that gives the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the "bump" -- we just made a break around.
It's about "The "Boston National Gallery.
You can do things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think to me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes it justice to your art work, and it's actually represented online.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think about it's a pile, a flying pile.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their dorm -- but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in Formula 1 careers in the last two decades.
It does some time ago, if you wanted to win a Future 1 career -- it took a budget and it took it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering, it's called control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered of networks and electronics.
They're becoming a complete air computer.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected.
To deal with cities is a big thing.
As a speaker, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the Earth's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palestin Antarctica for late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Tailor Uncle But (Music (Automal.
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost every single atoms that become sensors and activists.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Might angel ...
You know, when Michelangelo Always sculpt Moses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit of a bottom, and he said, "Do you not stand?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm just going to show you just a few examples: insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection with it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of the 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, and you played Italy and France, and at the end of the day, Zibbed gave your head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity on the network.
So here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Terran River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the early afternoon there are people over here and there making calls moving.
It starts the party? silence.
Gulf from France. Gallow of Italy.
Entropy, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regulating time.
First extra time, second.
Zimbaba, and in a moment, the head.
Ganda Italy, yeah!
That night everybody was to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center to the encounter of the winning team and the prime minister of the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Claud Massachusett where, from the root time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the garbage on its device for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were shut down. Different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of the things that they anyway.
Then we put a little chip, a tag to the garbage and then we started to track it.
These are the results that we get.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information we realized that there are lots of thoughts in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
It's happening complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cause that we throw it doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we cut on one day is still there.
So if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague of MIT, Ashael Director, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zadia.
It all started with one question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a car and valves -- solar valves that are open and shut down.
It's created like a water curtain with piles of water.
If you take the pixels you can write in them, showing patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can go on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Belly mayor.
He liked it.
And I had a committee to design the building to the entrance of the Expert.
We call it the Digital Water Palmoh.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors and windows -- but when you look at it it opens so that you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salad, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be someone in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said, "Do the building."
No, it's not that they have stopped it, but when it comes down almost every architecture goes away.
Here is actually working.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not be able to look at the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zadian came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go on, but a building that kept making cars and water holes and one had to jump in order to not move.
(Dolphin noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical penguins, the water piles, and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw earlier, which moves with other in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the penguins.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and size, in different types of resolution.
And that then all that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real flexible Flick, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When the light goes on, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boll -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Mercland star in New York and the Millennack School to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Flickr.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the penguins, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flickr.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of clouds -- like the grain of graph, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could have everybody donated a little bit for a pile.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We have digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time, the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together in a collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're penguins.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered by penguins.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it will serve to share the main moments of the 2016 Olympic games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up, like a new tip of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose that I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves?
How about to live more with good health?
Or maybe they're those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you want?"
What would you like to choose something?
(Audience: Creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see you.
Some of them probably owe to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you will choose the memory.
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or is it maybe possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the look of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED Sobulan, Dubaid who was also combined in the Russian Orthodox Church, wrote a trial called "No biology makes sense except to the light of evolution?
But if they effectively accept biological evolution -- this is just about the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at one end, is of course, the one that interests us.
We developed from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interface there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homoses.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
We might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically incidentally, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all have in the most bacteria gut than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antarctica Anamage puts them out of the subject -- think about bacteria ...
The gut is a wonderfully hostile environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark. He is very cold.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort.
It's actually like a quick pathway for the bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the company.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help us digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or will we become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast end symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief bombs, the animal kingdom, as one and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entrepreneurial part of this talk so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply is divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cell.
But when multicellular organisms appear -- things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, second, second, death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went on, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Bornies, who still acted in Las Vegas right in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of it, you find a magnificent light dancing dance.
And he looks at it and he says, "Come for a sex of sex."
"Okay, "Well, he says, George, I chose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contraction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to become healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass genome to the next generation -- adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reference rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level, and then let the sea fall down.
I think we're all going to understand the feeling that Woody Allen who said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the faster, and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the fossil bacteria that can survive the heat of the fundamentalism that would produce, if there were fish there, fish on the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an electronic environment.
So what this means is, when we look what's happening in evolution and if we can think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been disappeared and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated -- and we engage so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to happen to the evolution of evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: the gears of evolution are running down, but they're universal.
And in terms of insulation. When we sort of collect distant planets there are going to exist isolation and environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
The so-called neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we're going to take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and family level.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the application?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It costs seven billion dollars.
The next year of finished in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the two and a week.
It's not going to fail a lot to make the human genome reality, by 1,000 and get more and more to the scope of all.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us but are going to induce immunity.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence of a tobacco plant cells.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine then only two other changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your description?
And if you could change the sperm and the clothes, or change the newly figured rule, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, eliminate the homosexuality, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt space supercomputers, better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson computer?
Why don't we have a faster password muscle that allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be inspiring.
And when we are in conditions that are happening to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the revolution.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful society, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions known?
For good or for evil, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 90 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making clock, click, click.
Cloud, click, click, click, click.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 17.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assembles.
So immediately, I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined up the plane with the Hudson River.
Now usually that's not the route.
The motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The top three words I've heard about.
He said, "It will be for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't do it, all the fence I wanted to go, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I was thinking about that later on, I came up with a phrase, which is, "College come bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge that was not a lot -- I thought about, Do, I really feel a big fish.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity also gave rise to my ego.
And I regret the time that I waste in things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels of wonder.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water getting off.
I'm saying, "Please, flip?
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Do, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness fits in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in one performance of my daughter -- first grade -- not too much artistic talent --   And I scream, crying, like a little little one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is a great father.
On the whole goal I have in life is a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please do not -- but imagine, and how would they change?
What would you do, you still expect to do because you think you're going to live forever, right?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDMED was one of the most important graffiti in the '80s.
He came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a street in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, TEDx has a total paralysis, today.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to kick Tony -- TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give them this money.
What are you going to do with him."
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that I have seen Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you're important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The School and the marine?
They communicate in that way -- they are going with the finger.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?"
So I introduced me with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I was engaged with her brother and his father there at that moment in the moment, "All right, well, this is the deal. Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much on their inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Green Gradum Republican "Word: who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then, with a laser port, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And this is how the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side to the other we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDMED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking's a machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing: I call it YouTube, because when I talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back and these hackers and programmers and consequences and anti-specialists took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we came back, they would have taken the squares of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the Marine Seattle country, my son was part of my dog, and we created this.
It's called Editophrail, "I was called "The Designer?
It's a couple of garage glasses, which we buy in the marine Vegal Beach, some of the copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Shanghai.
We took a PSI camera, we open it, we throw it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- -- it builds yourself yourself, we publish the free code -- the software goes down free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital I can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this block and traces during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the station outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling of the parking was.
The funny thing was that we had to break in parking lots, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and pull me out so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to go back with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the type, "Oh, this is fantastic."
And Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the MIT center at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And art in the streets is going to have the best expectations of urban art, San Fahrenheit, Shakespeare Father, CA: All of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show that's pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the school, the computer, the microphone, the Scratch -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel like we have to do. If it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
So I've spent the last few years getting in usually very difficult situations and at the same time a lot dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in war areas -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that are attracted to attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that look entertaining and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took an airplane in Europe.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I was following was this: "The Stone NASA presents -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and as a content could explain in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
Many.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing -- the advertising world.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Sputnik, I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, the marketing and the advertising, and that all the film is funded with a collection of products and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call the biggest movie ever sell?
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that all of the top at the bottom, early at the end of the end has brand images, all the time, from the bush that comes before the title of the title, the X brand brand.
Now this brand -- Alamadmo Stanford, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated with permission to permission.
And so the film explores all this idea.
I'm a redundant peace. MK: I just say it -- it was more empathy.
It was "Private."
But we're not just going to have the paradox of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you used to use.
The most cool car you've been driving in "The largest movie ever sell -- the best record you drink, cortex of "The largest movie ever sell?
Gradage Kolo" -- the idea is then in addition to show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The entire film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- early to end.
And I would love it to help me make it happen.
Robert Friedman, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect by the audience.
Guard: However, I don't know how it is going to be people to that.
JK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "I are a relative -- but you know how it is going to receive? MS: No idea. David Congo, how much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half a half -- (John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but it certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
JK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us, we look like a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Robert: Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But being hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... it means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yes. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to treat to.
MK: We have some places where I'm going to go.
MS: I thought that the camera was looking at the camera." It meant we have a conversation outside of the microphone.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie."
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wants to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media scenario is not the idea to count with that new network of attention that is going to take the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garden error and that mistake was this.
Actually, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you look for images of transparency in Google --   this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your show, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or energy, easily detected or seen -- easily understood -- that is characterized by vision or accountability of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name -- even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it's about making it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that's still running.
It's impressive.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?"
It's going to eat a whole Mother's Google Goal.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling us that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiberan from many years -- I realized I would have to go on my mind, I would have to take away my interior and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, big, giant movies, and others who make small movies, independent, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant from the grandmothers, say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies in Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest movie ever sell?
How are we going to see Baby specifically in the movie.
Every time I'm going to come out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the devastated Bank.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you fine for this interview at all.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you get stuck.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer you one of these fabulous arguments.
So much Florida Forest -- like "The Parasis of Parliament are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like a woman, solid, ball, barrel, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a post-conflict look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Like the kind of smaller movies that you said, we're more well an rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Baby to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bands: Dans?
They are in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the attitude.
Man: We talk about something audio, cool.
I think "French" is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the south."
It keeps you cool.
How do you stay fresh longer? With better French, more French, three times faster.
Things like those who are relative to benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-to-perceptual company.
What about me? What about a common type.
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your mark?
Man: Mmm, my mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: Review the '80s, passage paintings unless it's day of wild.
MS: Okay, what is Gerragony mark?
George -- something unique. MS: One Man: So I guess, the type of gender, the style I have would be like a dark lamp.
I like dark colors, so many girls and things like this.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystal and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Mercus Bening.
Man 2: The brand that I am, the car stone.
Woman 2: In part hippie -- part of the colleague, in part of Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of the tablets.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I put the marketing.
Man 5: Macinto collective Mars.
Is that something?
Abset, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but often, I often care about the intersection of dark glamour and close flight?
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marine personality."
And I found a company called Olympic Salary in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Teszler, February, Hall to discover that personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Alice, transformed the pictures, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MS: These people model my way of looking at the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next thing you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is this was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like the weird things. I like the weird things.
A: Tell me about the because what does that mean?
What is the male? Where do you find you now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does the red represent red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolism did you have?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of mountain Russian are you?
MS: Australia."
A: Thank you for your patient. MS: Great job. A: Yes. MS: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Salaman -- the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your brand personality, the brand, Morocole Spring is a conscious brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to do -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not safe, they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are you like this?
The first here is classic the classic one.
And you can see it also here to Tarage, Wide, Minister of Ministry Cooper and Berkeley.
Now there are local marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and came out, but a critical brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A collective brand -- what's your brand.
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a stream attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you a destiny attractive?
A little bit more calling reduction, reserved, conservative?
And the attribute attributes are like being laptop as the Princeton, contemporary contact, adventure, authoritarian or audacious like Error Flourist, fast or bill, professional, demographic, magic or mystical like Gangre.
Or are you rather than attractive attribute?
Are you conscious like 60?
Are you studying traditional, traditional, protection, protection? You identify Open with Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, family, trust, safe, some contemporary or sandwich, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies and stream and offspring. They were saying "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now they use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the ad to free air.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no clothes, no corals, no volunteers.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing road in schools with library problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I have had the biggest answer or the ones I've been most successful are those in the ones I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the integrations, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about people, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you go? Did you succeed.
Well, since the movie is started in the Sony Festival of the South Feetia, we take a look.
According to Borges the film are started in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press or TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in surgery.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk about to their clients will not be part.
I've always believed that if you risk yourself, if you take risks, that you have a chance.
I think when you get people out of that, you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in your risk in your risk is preparing all your company to get a reward.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We embrace fear. We open the risk.
We have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Are Transparency has been presented by my good friends of EMG who by 3,000 bought the rights of the name in Europe.
EM: turning big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
Emma presents "American Transparency.
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morena, on behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 17th?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a chip on behalf of the Martin organization of TED, the Salatie Foundation, a chip for 7,000 to be applied to my TED attention for the next year.
The idea behind the State Computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium plant in Nathan in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective Windows virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stunts.
We started with a Windows installation.
The obesity goes into the gray box, the center days, and the nuclear program Iranian is demonstrated.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Studiotap six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- it used multiple vulnerability drivers.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stunts, and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Studio was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely directly."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program you're trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Stuntage does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, for example, an energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we went through and removed the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack.
You probably even know how much the operator calls.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stuntoment installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack of attacks.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old associating language.
I want to tell you how we could find this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning was called the system functions because we know what they do.
We then looked for teachers and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theory theories that we could approve or design.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent salad, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the plant of Bush nuclear energy and the National endangered plant.
So I told my assistant, "Trick a list of all the experts in control and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I made them in an effort to continue their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with control control.
The rotor is that cell part within the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it up and even make the control explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital eye looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 165 passengers in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a card, and every waterfall contains 165 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no most contractions, not like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We actually ended up in the narratives without salt, and we had to start again.
Even so, we found that both digital boundaries were pointing on a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall and making the rocks spinning and rapidly, and the big aircraft communicates with six candidates and manipulating values.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destination.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry about other goals being achieved by Stunts.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really struck me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers up.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still runs in the attack, with false data data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data is written by Stunts.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera is a video pressure.
Is it great ethic?
The idea here is obviously not just going to fly the operators in the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and agile.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the large steam turbine goes from speed, you have to open up space valves.
Obviously this can't make it a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to it, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And the operators or the security system will notice it.
That scares you.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centers, with uranium engineralism.
It could work too, for example, on an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic in it.
And you don't have a care -- that will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stunts.
You could also use conventional technologies of worms to device it.
Let's do it the most possible.
And if you did that, what you're going to end up with is a mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with a lot of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume that the Mosester is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Lander, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My opinion is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superconduction.
There is a single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, lucky.
Because, anyway, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for us. Thank you, Ralah.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you the sub-Saharan skills, or another that makes you use wheelchair of wheelchair to get up and walk.
In Berkeley, Biologists, we call these robots, exhibitions.
They're nothing different from something you put in the morning, you give you a great force that you also increase your speed, and you help, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not just that -- you can integrate it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an ideal idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on your back a 40-degree charge of a pound of 45,000 pounds, and it's getting even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- invitations on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the Homo -- or for the Universal Human Carriers.
Soldier: With the Hollywood exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds for variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to be able to go in crops and execute movements with great adaptive.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Esthan Bernand: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton -- this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the user users of wheelchair -- what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people about it, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
It's about one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that makes it multiply quickly.
His only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been that over the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELAM who's using Amanda Kole about 19 years ago he had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result could not walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Kollar: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors ...
It completely doesn't invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here in the back.
And also, there are some batteries that give energy into the cards, and in the knees, and they do it with this soft and very natural ship.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, for a strange jump in the air, scanning it down the air, standing down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and all movement from the penetration down.
A few time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Love, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last spine of hope in my being.
The adaptation technology ever since, I have allowed me to learn how to get a way down in schedules, climbing rocks and even ride in microbial hands.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and to all the wheelchair users of wheelchair to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Arab Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobo forests of Congo.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living patients.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much on this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, large, bone society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where the mortal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the frozen forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the technology itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been started by decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War I.
It's not surprising that this destruction also put in danger the survival of the bonobos.
The meat of hunting and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, on this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hiding the trees.
Who are these commerce?
We know them like the apes "I love love, not war -- because they have frequent sex -- promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Khmer Super.
Bonoiders, like humans, love to play along their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- interactions of interactions, diversity diversity diversity -- connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots itself, the dance and the human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a blood game game, and I don't talk about football, right?
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perception.
Look at what she is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The Great Ballant Canal.
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common as well as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is police.
The game is police, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more cardiac, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is collected.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female, who is playing with water almost lungs.
I think that, like that, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to an increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our community of adaptation.
To successfully adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to leverage our game capacity.
The game is not free."
The game is essential.
For bonds and humans alike, life is not just cruel and desperate.
When it seems the least appropriate play, it can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
And so, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hook.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires like captain assembly in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where the volunteers engage a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was focused on a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in prison, he disappeared, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was, let's call him Sex Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to enter and save the dog of the door of the house.
The dog, I was so close."
There was a lawyer or a money management who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a building in a building to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an administration.
He said, "Best, I need it to go home.
I need you to climb up, and you bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went -- I went up the stairs. At the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that that height was kind of finished off the fire and walked into the fourth main searching for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my News and the precious dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the teachers for the owners of home where, as it was to expect, his teacher received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner.
The kindness that she looked at over the other was that someone had ever reached a couple of shoes.
So much in my vacation in Robin Hook like my volunteer bomb I am witness of acts of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from acts of grace and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or they are about to do, remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: don't expect.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you right now.
They serve food in a dining dining park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they walk into the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beeks, thank you.
This may seem odd, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1859 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LIGO came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly club.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGB made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic stars stacked by each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much greater circuits and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literatures.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little elites are electronic modules every one with specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best of all is that they get together through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
The green is the salt, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the standard.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue one with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an endless light.
We added this time to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literatures are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program it, connecting and soldier, literatures allow us to program using very simple intuitive gesture.
To make it faster or slower or slower, it just turns this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind elites is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to brick ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels motors, motors, all must be accessible.
We have given the kids little to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night, or why the door of a elevator is kept open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led literatures to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any electronics start playing with elites like a material.
So here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George create.
(Music sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we took literary letters to the Rhode Island designers of Rhode Island, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and we said, "Make something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, an active concrete carbon carrying.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
This is a nice manufacturer made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, literatures became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the end of everyone.
So, literatures have open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for engaging with the environment focusing on.
The collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit of charge.
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on the side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to determine -- we asked them to work on government.
The initiative was called Copenhagen for America, and they would be like a peace of peace for technologists.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
It's a hydrogen of the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is someone clean it when you get caught by the snow because you know it's not very good at taking fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help like this so continuous?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Carrier for America."
They were there in February and at that moment was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik Michaela noticed something else -- that citizens cleaned with panels right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept clean it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can robot.
So it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology is able to do.
And it extends viral shape.
A system responsible from the city of Honoluth to see this application realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami signals.
It's very important that they work these types of tsunami, but people steal the batteries.
That's why they ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take the dragonflies off.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So we now know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us to have done it by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the complete power of California that even the moment has cost 200 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread in viral form is a kind of a warning of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not like private companies, like many people think it should be.
Neither as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
I mean, no restrictions in the way of open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a renewable institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Copenhagen for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given with the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain it, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it's that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DMV -- and all those other things that get us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Ohiologover, what we do together because we don't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government does.
And given that the government in the last line of us -- remember that from us, the people, the way to think about it will affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is going to be able to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is mostly a matter of shells.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that takes the calls if you mark 911 in America.
Scott took this call.
Incar Brandscape in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open the door door, put strong music and see if it's going?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the ships.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application, web and cell called City Connection.
We didn't program that app.
It was the work of very clever people in the Office of New University of Bronx.
And one day, this happened really -- I get this asking -- "British in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do this to leave."
The dynamic of Connecticut City is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Connecticut City everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, a neighbor saw it.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage bureaucratic behind the house.
Zarnetia? Yes. Live? Yes.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good night, sheet sheet?
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of the government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technology technology of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to engage and help others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry in the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
So below there is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of despair.
But it's that decline that keeps us out of that that belongs to us as something that operates in our against, that other things, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sex.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Opterone movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the fishery of the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resigned the government, it's time to ask us how world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that you can act in behalf of all of you?
We can't preserve government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to represent the function of governance so that it can expand the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act in manipulating, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to grandmothers, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about. They're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem you don't care too much about making your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a story, by taking weeds by carrying a garbage cube that has a sheet inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogens and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital resources that we're not only consumers -- not only are government consumers that pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that; we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a multiple, many hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death mortality.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but it's carefully, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1849.
She was born on 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also a love.
When I was a little kid, she came up with me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I woke up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he was like, "Robot, do you still feel my warner?
And if I said no, he grabbed me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the lowest 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up the room, he took me out of my hand, and he said, "Go Brazil. We're going to convert.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside, and he said, "Robot, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Maya: May?
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "Similar, Maya: Maya:
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my child, and you have to promise you will always care it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Maya, so I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is you will always do the right thing but the right thing is hard."
I thought about it and I said, "Yes, Mam. So I'll do."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Maya, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 -- 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers pack, I don't know where I pulled them, grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the crazy things.
He took a beer store, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on, I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister as well. Get a beer.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? It takes a beauty."
I forgot my gaze with force and said, "Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with Maya."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mammuna tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was ready.
I have to admit something in front of you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread up.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtual viewerle, I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe being able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during profile.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to do with it, and we had to engage it.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive engagement, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much desert, so much despair. determined by these facts.
One out of three black between the 18, and the age of 30 is in prison or in condition.
In the urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young colors are in prison or in the parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that treated you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt but wealth what the results condition.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and force make us believe that these are not problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you have the rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it felt like 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this country prison country, no chance to go out before.
Right now we are in a process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the commentable crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it. It's not about deciding if people deserve to die by the commercial crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
Out of every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent and released from the death row.
A rate of error, amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never allow them to fly airplanes if every nine they woke up, one would be started.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and from this issue if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked to them.
They were worried about being stuck.
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks about, makes a speeches -- I give the people who stop saying that in our history we have the first time with terrorism, after 11."
They ask me to say, "No. Tell me we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism kept on, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial abundance and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about the death penalty page.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good worrying about what you say, you know.
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that we have our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to run people."
Reflecting about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would play people, especially if they were in their most plenty?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are yet involved with.
We love innovation.
It fascinated us. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are driven by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We actually talk about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the challenges, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With creativity, development comes not only about brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also by heart convictions too.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look not only in the bright and decomplex, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valentine Happy, the great chocolate leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the operation, we had all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, original for spirit, a willingness for being in separate sites and to be the test.
Well, that orientation for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be compressed.
There is no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human, if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it back.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parkers.
These women get together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mrs. Carter called me to say, "Here, Bruce comes the Paris lady -- we're going to meet us to speak.
Do you want to come and listen?
I said, "Be lady. I want to."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come?
I said, "Let's hear them."
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very vertical, very illusion.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Brazil, tell me what that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted of each other.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty row.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end the massive engagement?
I gave him all my best speech, and when I finished me, he looked at me and said, "The Mmmodder Muslim.
And he said, "You will end up analyzed, very extinct."
At that time, Ms. Carter was injected, he put the finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very valuable.
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a lady.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people that must be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think although it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very slime, very stimulating -- will not be judged by our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end of the day, the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privilege, but for the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel disappeared. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much strength.
It's tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reactions in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of surgery.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years, who have been qualified to be judged as adults as adults.
And I start to think, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge took it as an adult, but I see a child.
A night too late I was willing to think -- for God, if the judge can become something that you are, you must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a model.
He had a 14 year-old client -- a little good, poor, black.
I started working on the modulation, with an employee that said, "Mommanocical for my 14 year-old black customer to be treated as a privilege white of 75 years, executive of a corporation."
In the point I put there was a behavior that had been embedded in the action, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an authorized line on how in this country there is no ethical time, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning I woke up thinking that instinctive models would be a dream, or really write it?
For my horror, I didn't just have it, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh my God, I have to go to the cortex for this stupid case.
I got into the car, and I felt really adulted, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and small.
I finally moved from the car. I walked to court.
I was climbing up the stairs when I found a larger black man -- was the coming court.
When I saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He replied, "Is you your lawyer? I said yes.
And then I came up with me and headed me.
And I was whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was vertical.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience.
When the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this sort of modifying?
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy ones.
They got the police associated physicals, the substances.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all fruits because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the random of the eye, I was able to see what he was and came.
I was looking through the window and he was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black old black man, he walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyer table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recess.
During the rest of the application of the asylum was shown by the story because the consultant had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the foreign goal.
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
We cannot be truly humans evolved if we don't worry about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is attached to other people.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to frequency, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep your view in the observer goal.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and seeing an obvious desire from the audience, from this community, to help you in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a joke. What can we do?
SB: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you will make an effort to deliver the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars on death row in the next five years. billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of hominids don't conclude in arrested.
Fifty percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This reform is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think it is?
SB: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the retail of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brucal has been excited about today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for coming to TED. Thank you.
Locker, they grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden death.
Lock 2: Human in Somalia, Locke 3: The police raises O.C.
Announcer: Carl 4: Sports 5: Lostical Cross.
Announcer: social decision. Social decision. (Automatorial desert?
Locke 8: Task. (Audience: (Balloons (Audience: Syrians.
Several cracks, war. Marine destruction. Maria.
Reception. Bank. end. end. Egypt. Egypt.
crisis. death. Desert.
Oh, my God.
Peter Dianshians -- these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could just be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide us negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get much more data than the brain can probably process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called a ambition.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Original and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
That's why we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old refugee of the press, "If there's blood, sell? It's very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, no wonder that we are pessimists.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is we get distants.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at setting the problems out, and at the long time, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, the average per capita income per inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Moreover, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy was that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we keep getting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refugees, television, mobile phones and cars.
The magnificent bars of the past century, the primary periods of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Support a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that repeats in the information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and in peace, in the peace and in the peace and in the rise.
It is the rapid result of computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's graffiti in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Australian call infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, the digital medicine, the dinosaurs and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Japan from Watson of Watson?
It was picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opportunities.
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the materials of the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Syncony University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every corner of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it's going to become abundant.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of National Institute of 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
The National troops ate with silver, and the same National States, with gold covered with gold.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covered completely.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- more than gold and plastic.
And so the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum for it.
You see, although aluminum is 8.5 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silences.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disappointed.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet in a fate of 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 territories of energy every 80 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one of the grade of descent? 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the U.S. sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have power abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan was pointing on the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after it happened Saturn?
So I took a famous picture. How did it call?
"A pale blue dot point?
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent ice is ice, and we fought for 100 percent of the water on the planet, but also there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the fluorescence -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Slavins -- you know, you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water on the day of any source -- salt water, contaminated water, a letter, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 206 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
I live in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- SP: HIV video, images, books of books and music, digital diagnostic technology -- now are determined and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing you get when you deliver health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Alamiday Foundation, something called the X-ray American Allanden Committee, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk, and because it has A.I. -- they can take blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where mortality charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health of health and, first of all, avoid pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to make the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before ears that join the global conversation.
What would these people want to want?
What would you get? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will be more health thanks to the Trade, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health?
How about a few voices before here?
What if we give the opposites, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion will get?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict or predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by its passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know about.
It's called Ph.D.
I went at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how to fold protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconductor problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were joining and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the machinery of recognition of human patterns is better by choosing proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the flu.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extra decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the current point of partner.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before you give them three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You might think it would chase pieces, but it didn't.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very common.
It was the memory.
It was very caught to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the U.K. Red Listen.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the shifting of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lady in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate me.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lady was surrounded by palm and as you can see, from a few mangrove manus.
There were the thylacines of about 20 inches -- black chin talk.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he earned more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had fallen in half.
The five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the arrest fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in 1960 -- Europe did a lot of developmental projects.
Fish development was supposed to impose countries that had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly. His name was four Museum.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in the South China Sea and, especially in the Aral Sea.
What we captured was something incredible.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we capture were spaces, other animals that are on the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs about a few remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea fund came to the cover and then it was routed.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you make a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid coral background in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead trace.
They didn't eat them, because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you collect the fishermen every time you go to an area where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We went through the point of partner, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
In the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- a number of orchestras, the green supply of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal thing and it will be extraordinarily stretched.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the support of change.
And at the end of it keeping a few of these things.
And that, in great measure, is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very plentiful, before you get extinct -- it's a little bit great.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synthetic sea of big fish.
They become very rare because we fish.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of partner.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present -- as you captain such as you have been looking at a lot of fish in this area you can't use or usually don't use the scientists, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the huge paper that can be able to have a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We are collecting the past that people can't conceive because the score point has gone down, and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides -- which allows them to erase their partners.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the West West, for example?
I think there is the arts and the cinema maybe you can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Charles Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Charles Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that math and touch are like "Atalpa."
And if you think about Analistic, if you think about why people are moving with the film without talking about the history of Pacific, why are you moving with the pictures?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give you, is Cameron, to do Atlanta II: underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Hall, the YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why videos are made and how important it is.
We all want to be stars? Cellulon, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed something very, very hard.
But today the web video is making any one of us, or our actions, it covers a narrative in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sand.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of course, only a little percentage is made virus, it gets infinity of visits and makes cultural moments.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends, construction communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Berlin Valenting: Oh my God, my God.
God!
Wow.
Oh, women.
KA: Last year, George Viewer published this video outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the representations in the rise of popular summer.
Beat doesn't get a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Moscow Mountain Bear.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimberg.
Jimmy Kimback published this Titube that would catch the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimburh presented us new and interesting things and they spread them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black" --  It's Friday Friday, you have to start Friday --   Everybody wants it to get the end of week, the weekend.   See, Friday, Friday, starting the Friday.  KA: You won't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Real Black Ready is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Army X-rays twice, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peak, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday day?
Well, I took it Tom and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mission Science Theel, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends will adopt a view of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parasitisms of Venezuela on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the 20th century of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by copying or doing something new with that.
"Nano Catholic is a repetitive animation with an agreed music.
So, that's it.
This year saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three hours worth of four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the seating community of the Internet.
There was remixed.
Someone did a version of the old.
And then it became international afterwards.
All of a sudden, it was a whole community of remix that made this would happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Dort Iranian "Achille, or Redwood Black or "Danny Catholic?
What a script could have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get away so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protest against the crowds to cyclist in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nigerian: I was moved by not circular by biology, but often there are obstacles that prevent you circular circulating by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Niger got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth the whole new thing we do in a creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berlin Valarish: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Trade creators, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popular.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Biracle, started on YouTube.
They don't lose permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the current media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still starting.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drama, a man whose entire life had supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine it as the communities come into Senator, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were stripping it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died out of history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain. And my lesson was to learn that history tried to spend it, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the end of a boat in the way that they just stick into the sea.
My mother, Mad, was only 18 when her father died, and a contracted marriage, and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old savings that challenges fiction, a boat was laid into the sea of fishing boat.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirate and violence and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a cheap front.
If they caught us, we first would take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the supply of the engine, and it supply it in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were embedded with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not to catch for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
And after three months in a refugee camp, we dropped in Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fortagos, a sort of operating class whose population is comprised of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I discovered in Fortagos, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the Internet companies were spread between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT (Filler of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were attached, and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was generally new clothes -- it always was a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tunnels, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing about the "Oh, and some graphics, "Something goes home."
A home, where home?
Something in me was shot.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmares would start to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be students and opened another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition -- angry and influences, and armed kids trapped between two worlds.
Supermarkets and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, involved with what I stopped myself.
In the other hand, I was rooted in preceding lives, tragic standards by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young of the year.
And I was struck from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit in.
So I read, anonymous resident from Fortagos, was now so Lea, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols anymore.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in a small suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, and he was telling about each one and leaving dogs, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age as she had when we got up to the ship.
He had never been an option.
"That said, "I said, "And you don't be what you are.
So I talked about juvenile discrimination and education and destruction to the marginalized.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was applied to talk.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved in the front of the possible.
And although I finished my literature, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly new one on the scene -- and not just that it's fine, but it is something that is grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean throwing the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your privacy.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that had not been allowed to be allowed to be awful.
There was an energy there, an implementing optimism and a rare mix of humility and Valley.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people who the motto cannot be done." It was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I did a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked on the night at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later I had moved me, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Consensus was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person that matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
By the age of 17, it became a connection of a Mandela whose mother beat her.
Without the support of his husband, he caused a report by demanding it and taking the cause herself and much more revealed when they won.
You can't make it shown to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Mellon.
I looked through the membrane of the shower and saw it on the other side.
I knew I had come away.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forty, and we sat around his advance.
We told him stories and we made sure that we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the aircraft.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold.
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning."
"You haven't solved it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of easy, the right.
Can I give you a place in your lives, suggesting value in every wave, the massive constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it out and look at it, I would do.
Thirty Newsard and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Raisman about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Karlia Allie.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian exposure "The Mahatima.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we cut the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Iran, the big Indian warrior was warden, he had sea, he took an arc and with a flower to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with trees and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that made me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a story if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to allow me not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me a platform of pocket pollen.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world filled with images and pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones and the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They hold our inspiration.
So I lead me, I was brought to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
The text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Nature becomes more and more multi-like.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live in the GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and drugs, but that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we forget from children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always got me exciting.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And, really, they lit your way into what remains from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy is going to be a ball.
So here, every book and every world become a ticket that I would drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all the fantasy books there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grow, fragmented and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing hugely important to me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the spaces.
We've all heard of the facts and the song, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, the spaces?
These poor spaces have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and very high book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
A story that deals with issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been straightfully, pasted to their PC: They haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- of past, rocks and bureaucrats and containers.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a tower and says, "Oh, today I saw a short."
One child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photographs that have been taken away.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we were planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video goes on, and you can see a group of cartoons that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves at a time.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and put them together so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is closer to another.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of labor projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop hearing patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to put a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone is, or maybe not all, but most of the labor projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia Back. It's a very simple thing.
It has a pink party and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, sends my information to Google Health data.
And my doctor of head has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's something else.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect my Wikipedia and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me, "Lucen, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, I'm going to be available.
This little basis connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and to be captains of their own boat, but also it can help us health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
By doing techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by crucial crimes.
And one of the things we asked to share with you with a video video.
We all have neurons in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Martine.
Also where all the gasolines are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DEC close to help this patient?
We ask but nobody does.
Nobody knew where to get the NSA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to do, you see a DNA, please send it out, give it where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Landa, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Martine and someone collaborators, you can use your iPhone, and you can use the next weeks to use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to introduce this one, not just like DEC Buddha, which is the name of the product, but also as USA.
And we would want to start it globally.
We're putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the CEOs around the world.
Every time you are from vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You could be a message services or cell people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photography?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest by photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years old.
He mixed up with my passion before the drawing but it was a little different because when I used the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pollution.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the Indian time.
I thought anyone could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pollution.
Pictures like this: a building in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And, despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say reality I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Are the details or the colors.
Is the light?
So what does the illusion do?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imaginary objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a way you can create something that looks three-dimensional -- as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like a real thing I think are the ones we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because it otherwise looks bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images came with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
And in the personal I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone period.
And yes, I even did red the house at the top of the island to look more Sweden.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning to do.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many other people who we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step from here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with weather curves is a new thing.
There is something weird happening.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn on the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve where you say, these are the years or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to graduate, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a separation curve would be very silly, you would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's given a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology is going to move as fast as microbes, tomorrow tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go through that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a reformed growth that every few years of magnitude orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plan is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until it sends something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
Of being, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new form.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is that what is that new way that I adopt the world?
What new state is running around the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing, if we're embedded in it.
I remember a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been come up, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something that's happening.
You can feel it.
And we know it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we are doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition could be that we experiment.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at things in the long term.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around him.
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this -- and it's that, at that time, he had floating out some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so the drops grew up.
And they started dividing.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet guides.
But those drops weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide it to be an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every gallon was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow become better as being better at the time to incorporate the chemical chemicals. They grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented again.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these drops learned the article of abstraction.
Somehow, we didn't understand very well these girls learned how to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 250 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes. I try to hide the security people of the airport.
But it has -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments and amplify 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of for all of the presents, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a steam would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened where things were very different -- and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they were approved to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to the communities that would in a way, they were together in that, and they established a synapse.
So they survived or they failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were replicate more and they were failed by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together, and they decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible structures to record and understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not to the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruit, because he knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because before they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormous the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time needed to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in my head.
I'm here sitting here emitting a bunch of groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, garage and confused, in his heads that I had a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've begun to do abstractions.
Now we go through periods similar to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CD: etc., are the specialized mechanisms we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You already saw the evolutionary example of the Year where it produced some evolution with the programming program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process gets reported -- I guess autonomous is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this correct correct.
We see the process feedback.
But I won my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thailand Mandari, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't get far further and far faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it works methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence of instructions in legal?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, he could place two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that best did the task do?
We keep those and we eliminate the rest of them.
And now we reproduce the best ordered numbers.
And we are going back to play them following a process of analyzing analog to sex.
Let's take two programs that are going to add kids, which exchange superpowers, and the children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products from the computer combinations that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process."
Hail again.
I get some mutations in.
And it tries again and relate to another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange.
But they got the commercial.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with Margaret Minister and he pulled a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parties working together to offer a safe flight. Don't make you feel unexpected?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do different design processes.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the options that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster, and so you can run these programs much more quickly.
So it's remarkable.
The thing goes faster and faster, and that's why I think it seems so confident.
Because all of these technologies are refugeed.
We're taking off.
And we are at an analog moment of single-celled organisms when they became multiculturally.
We're the loves and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get stuck.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've come up with enough time to allow me to get part of my fake school on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for coming out of "Russian "Ready, talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talk about 300 of a ship that was battle 300 percent.
That means that baby based effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught up, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- doesn't get to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts in 10.
Do you know how you call a 300 in the Great Ligards."
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that is someone in 10 hits that are about four.
Lean Lego -- like the legendary Ted Williams -- the last player of the Elder League of Bisch to run more 400 hits in a regular season season.
Now let's move into my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose that they have appearances, and they are developed to a surgeon that has also a 400 degree record.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a room and a dear being loved has two open coronary arteries and their family doctor, and the family of family belongs to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 dollars.
But you know anything?
She's getting this year.
And their hits have been 275.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon, from a nurse or a college obstrawaring?
1,000.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the agreement of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I get involved with the jaw of being perfect.
And they never, ever made a mistake and a question of finding out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessional student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood test.
Such one.
I studied in my little degree, in the New York City nurses of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my anatomy of anatomy and memory and muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the star, the very hard difference and not the usual one.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney tuberculosis.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you know the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the all, because I'm going to start from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs. Dr.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady around Dr. Dr. Drys to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when I was an emergency.
And you can report the chief of residents and report it.
When I saw Mrs. Dry, I was saving.
I heard a result sound.
And when the automobile listened to a stage sound in both sides, what I was given a congestion heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him doctors, water pills so I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake. I sent it to his house.
I actually made two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I did not do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to deliver complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss either.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner and say, "Golden is not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I even asked the nurse to take care of Mrs. Dr. "Dragon, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'm fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance together with the paradoxic took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I was packing to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking parking park where my car was to go home.
I went through the emergency service service at home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was taking care of Mr. Dr. Dr.
Other specialists are afraid as well, but there's a particular thing in energy and we see patients fortunately.
The three words is: Remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back with the same voice tone itself.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
Within an hour of an hour to have come home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, the paradigms brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Hus, which means a severe shock.
He barely breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff deploy all their resources.
They gave him medication.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was consumed and sandathy to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then that they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and wait against every hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Dr. Sheekler, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I got stuck for it, and I experienced for the first time the bad shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The bad shame I talk about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I would support things and make sure that they wouldn't slow me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss for? Why did I send it to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so stunned?
Why did I choose medicine.
Shortly that feeling was discipline.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky was opened and finally came out the sun, and I was wondering if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself where if I cut the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, I was help in emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat of the throat of the garden.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
He looked at his throat -- he was a little bit color.
He wrote it penicillin and sent it to her home.
But while he went to the door, he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my heart change, my boss asked me to talk to me with my office.
And I did the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw by a pain in the barrier?
So he came back and he didn't have a strategic facial.
He had a potentially deadly approach called collections.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but the top air goes and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It was admitted by antibiotics for going and recovered.
And you go through the same period of shame and resistance, then I went back and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same train of urgency, not displaced.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a rich X-ray but it turned out -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right-hand square and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to reduce and asked my colleague to check it.
You reviewed it, and when you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand side, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every case I was standing, I was streaming.
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a port.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Only shame and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so that they don't make the same errors.
If I went to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transition in my hospital made the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and those who have a few results and the ones that have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move out of medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discipline and medical journalism, I've done a personal medical study and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Torosta to my show, White Coast, Black Art" -- diagnosis black.
And what I learned is that mistakes are obsolete.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or the democracy is not right. In a system where intellectual infections are increasingly more and more numerous and more numbers, providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian personality mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it's about four curses, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
The deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes crazy with closed eyes and with alcohol and suddenly my story is a descender.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't take their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they teach us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not left.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases of it?
In my show, "Slaw White, black art, is a custom saying, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the paradoxic to the head of heart surgery -- "This is my worst mistake.  What are your errors?
And their students would determine, they would go back, they would go down the head and they would go out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a rounded medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction doctor is human, you know, you know, you accept it, and you're not proud of your mistakes, but it's efforts to learn from what happens to teach others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
I pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a kind of loving and support way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time on.
My name is Brian Gull.
I'm a reduction doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what it is, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose a average American. It's about 70 a day.
It doesn't have a lot of research in a research week to a group of prisoners of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks represented by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that on average, they take 125 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes, and how many of you in the age of an hour.
How does it make the way make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current -- choose to make options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, you get your hand up just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of option support?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I had this very, very high level supermarket, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Dr.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and forth, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 bottled water, and this was when we were taking water out of the graph.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked me, why did I never buy any one?
This is the standard of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and ask him, "It works well this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the mere. This is the message.
Pass.
They had 38 different classes.
We installed a post to stop, just to the entrance of the store.
We put them out there from six flavors of sandwich, or from 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop testing the mess?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a memory rate.
So here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy me.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw 30 percent of bought bombs.
If we did the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy it if they found six.
Well, deciding that we don't think we probably buy it to us -- at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the supply of choice affects us in the very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guda Hubble, Earth Kamen and Weird Jane, where we looked at the savings about savings for about a million Americans -- of about 600 plans in this country.
And we were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in savings of reporting, the 400 program -- devising people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 657 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of previous funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extreme, you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as tall as you would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the more people were including the number of choice, the more people were encouraged to avoid action or investment funds.
As soon as they were more choices, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision that apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and in health.
They're more likely to choose things less satisfying things, even though they immediately get better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of May, mustard and mind and metal, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that awesome exhibit exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we have tried, in one way or another, in different research, so they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, Court.
You've already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Courage.
They worry about losing space in the analytics.
But actually, what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange orders -- there will be an increase in sales -- you will go down the costs -- there'll be a better experience in choice.
When President & Gamble went from 26 different types of Hero & Shark to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Goldman Gates took the products for cats of cats that were less sold, the uses at 97 percent, by two causes, greater sales and lower costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, on average offers 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart you have about 100,000 products.
But the largest stores in the current world is Alivelie and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato satellite.
In the world of financial savings I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to make the choices better is David Landians, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a hedge of safe life.
Who really want to choose, they give them 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut down.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you will not be able to do their clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gara.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people from this audience a few vacation values to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a applause if you're ready to take the Gary supply.
(Audience: Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Don't you do it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think I actually got to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can go forward and say they thought the second time it was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the choice supply problem, which is concentrating.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences have to feel very vivid, very concentrating.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when it uses cash care?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shamefic Benjamin and Albert President, about the staff of NGOs who worked in INCA -- these people were in a meeting where they were becoming advanced to a 400 plan.
To that meeting, we built exactly as being used as usual, we made a little statement.
What we added was that we applied to the staff who would think of the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mentoring there was an increase in the 20s of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is clarity.
We can manage more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarket throughout the 1990s, the magazine exhibit can contain from 331 different types up to 666.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to do it.
These are two jewelry exhibitions here.
One is called Johnson: "Southwart: So "Soldier."
If you think the one on the left is Swiss, and the one on the right is Jacket, give a palm off.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a palm a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jamaica, and the one on the right is Swiss. But you know anything?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who they choose, not that defined them.
You often look at this problem with those huge funds.
Who are supposed to be informed?
My fourth category conditions? Continue complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturing manufacturer that allows you to personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to add the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Color, outside the car. I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes. 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you get it all the time in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or you are losing them.
We found that the ones who are going from many choices at a few choices, they push the button by affection over and over again and more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information.
If we start with the easy one, you learn how to choose it.
Although choosing the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration. All ways we prepare to choose.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more embedded with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the option of choice, cortex, eliminating strange alternatives -- concentrating, make it real -- closely, we can manage more categories with fewer choices, to address complexity.
All these techniques I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful as a choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices better choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Eastern East Germany, if you had a writing machine I should register it to the government.
You had to record a text leaf of example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that somebody could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that follows a pattern that makes them their own one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be celebrating a lot for this.
This is an example of how our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can farm the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the criminals.
Like Mr. Discipline Gulf from the city of Kieber, in Ukraine.
The cell cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, engineers.
There are really many cases of millions online, multinationalities, who won money with their attacks.
This is Salary Tasmanian, from Tarage, Station.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Berlin Sushia.
These are Matthew Anderson: Third Albert Aliet, etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortune but they do it by illegal media through bankers to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, freezing the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Jane, and this story had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane started soldier? He discovered her stream.
And I say today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a crime that is a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate them the protests, they motivate them, they motivate them the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months taking a paper in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that make it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that they act.
And then we see cases like Wikipedia.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Discreate is a cooling authority from the Netherlands, or actually it was.
He declared the finger the last fall because of a satellite.
They were serving the security of the site and they sequenced a shooting.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the reporters of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Digital attack.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Discrexiation is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do they serve the certains?
Well, you need if you have a website with stories, encrypted services, September Seats, services like GemMjovo.
Except they will intercept a foreign certified authority.
And they emit copyright certificate.
And in the case of Wikipedia, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the sea of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this card called "The FAO.
And within that folder, there were notes of a firm company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company of the company is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments so they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, the School tribe, a tribe used by official government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But it goes beyond today.
The connection to the Internet.
They're going to use even tools like the School tribe to infect our computer with a trick to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be a bad thing, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not discussed.
It's not a question of the privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we take today, will forever.
Are we going to rely on any future government, in an administration that we could have in 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in the largest part of the South, which means that wild animals like the fibers migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to stop them, and so we value it so much.
So I grew up hate a lot to the lions.
They die these are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
And I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
One child in my community, from six at nine years old, is responsible from the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that this wasn't really serving, because even helped the lions look at the lot of the lot.
I didn't leave me. He continued.
A second idea was to use a passage.
I was trying to trick the lions to believe that I was close to the star.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the pressures, and they were, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I knew everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes lights fly.
As you can see, the light bulbs go out because that's where lions come from.
And that's how lions look like when they come from night.
The lights flash and they deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had a problem with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've been installed in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators as health, legal likely, and it's also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and awareness.
It even led my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the sand of the savanna holding the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying up, and he told me that some day would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
So so here. What in my tongue means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turing: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next in your list?
RD: My next invention is -- I want to do a close electrical close? CA: A fence close?
RD: I know you invented the close electrical ones, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- RD: I've tried it before, but because I got a calories.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turing, you're something big.
We're going to encourage you in every step you want, my friend.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Everything.
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Smokin history, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although I was sometimes asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from the colleague of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop out in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we are prepared to die."
I was very alternated.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't delete from my memory.
A life woman was dead on the street, holding a child in her arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about themselves and their families.
A huge arms in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during hunger, and just a few survived eating passenger, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more prevalent the energy cuts all around me, I was completely in the night except by the lights of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very announced in certain points, allowing robots to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant personalities.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be as a North refugee like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
And so I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revolted, and it would be reported to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interrogated in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being North, then they tested my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to exploit.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sports.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another, "This was a fake report. She's not North."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some robots in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These robots were not so lucky.
Every year, unconscious robots are captured in China and performed to North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky in scanner, many other robots haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can go into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea, the South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was hoping for.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We're all corals, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through an identity crisis.
Am I a suburban or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call with pride mine.
While adapting to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call call.
The North Korean authorities were interested in some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some ways, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the idea of all of them, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were sound people who was dying.
I looked at me suspected, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way to the London border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lades.
But even after I passed the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border illegal.
After paying multi-core and sounds, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the L.A. capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was retired in prison at short distance from the South Korean embassy of Korea.
I went and came between the office office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or grandparents.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would really care about questions.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man was to the ATM and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans, and take them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that the Norwegian people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half of the battle.
Many robots are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the practice of the English language, labor practice and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with family still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help us give robots an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans that are growing around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is South Central -- literature stores, fast food, balloon terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  -- little shops, fast food, balloon terrorists.
Like 26 million other Americans, living in a food desert, Los Angeles South Central House, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curious diseases in Los Angeles South Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hillis who is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the everyday effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see colonies of plant pillars like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me, I was tired of driving 45 minutes of back and back to buy an apple that has no pesticides, right?
What I did, was to plant a forest of food in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's 45 feet a half.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Great Grands, we put together and start planning our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of group paid by advanced by gardens of all the processes, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up to me and in summary, and they gave me a circular saying that I had to remove my garden, the circulation became a court order.
And I was like, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let me get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lega, and I talked to the condition and one of the members of Green Grands, who put a petition in China, with 900 signatures -- we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My condom even called to say that they were speaking and loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more black blacks.
It has 68 miles of balloon terrain.
That's 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 77 million polar plants.
Why don't you look good like this?
Growing up a plant will give a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar of guns will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my brother, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I'm reluctant to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
So the garden is my chart, I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which is the walls, I be able to be a landscape, I be able to roll up, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees are my element of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the earth can do. If you let it be your canvas.
They simply can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witnessing how my garden became a tool of education, for my neighborhood transformation.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You'd be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
So the garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an urban.
In addition, they get frustrations.
I remember an occasion, and they came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like the 1930s, and they were in my garden and went out and looked very strong.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this is just reflecting why I do this, people ask me, "Are you not afraid that people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid they're going to rob it."
That's what it is on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health.
There was another thing that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous -- they shared my stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was so only for a moment.
So Green Grands has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people coming up and they work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how the food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind things that put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are embraced from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrier.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same place.
I want to take container and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free, because it's not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to support it.
What I talk about is putting the people out of the street, pull kids out of the street, and they know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become evolutionary regulators, sex, general gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a sex.
If you're not a garden, you're not a general.
That the sensors take their panel OK?
That is their choice gun.
In addition, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some miles -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with your pan so we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Musical noises)  (Audience ends)  You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of a space, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that you can take.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn apartment lanes.
Portual asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has ports and water can move through it, so all the rainwater will flow down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't jump water again.
Noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hole, the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What are you going to get? You see that in this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can hurt your streams, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bacteria with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Bacters, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how damage comes in this material.
It's a porous apartment, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advantage between the stones.
Because of the intervention, the ultraviolet light, the oxygen, the office, this board, the glue between the rivers, the glue in the rivers, and if you get it up, you will make microphones and you will separate from your adults.
So if you drive down the road, you will pull out the adults -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about materials of support.
If we can make this material support, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean standards, and we can cut the steel of steel into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an information machine.
The industry can heat up, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel down, melt the button, the button flow through these microbes and the rocks will be thrown back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great information machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven, it's a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take you out to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So we got a piece of road, 400 meters from the APHID highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload in them, we repair them then with our induce machine and we repair them and we tested them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers using the energy of induce to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface -- it really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they are curious about whether this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
It actually has to be cooled first before you can show you how the repair acts are.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember woke up one morning with the sound of the birthday in my house.
My father was listening BCAR in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed.
"The Taliban went out." I grew my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school." He said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were passed out of Afghanistan and they made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we had a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market for it to look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every day the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were added, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total control of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school and so his father did it.
But my mother educated became teacher.
This is it.
It will be retired two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his entire family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Hey, my father said, "You can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So do you still want not to go?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age women have more than the school, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Milo College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was expanded from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate his daughters, was one of the
He doesn't just get out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry on to the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embryonic of Jettering, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOD125, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and still in front of a daunting opposition to it.
Like Ahmeda. It's not your true name, and I can't show you his face, but Adam is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from So from SODA to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When he got to his house, they are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they will try.
"Tell me now, if you want, said, "But I won't hurt the future of my daughter for his old ideas and reductionally.
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interviews of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't have a lot, after the retreat of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a fusion future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hard and unlimited possibilities and every day, the girls in SOLECRA remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the execution, "Her, resistant to Garden.
But you never become a Sadango style.
They've spent almost two years since the book was inspired by the waves of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian Revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other book citizens, inside and out of the country to call a day of force and start a revolution against Galapago tiger regime.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the laughter, demanding the fall of the regime, providing profiles of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a courage to be able to face the Dadual dictator of Galapago.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50 thousand dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the threshold.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy laptop, a legacy of threshole, corruption and attack seeds.
For four decades, the tourist regime of Gaddafi, destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the book society.
It's aware of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding inclusive transition and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Texas.
After a 33 years of exhibition, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm. I began to organize workshops about developing capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Platus of Women Liberian for peace, a movement of women, leaders, from very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our right participation right in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the president period, an environment that was increasingly politically, that moved from the selfish policies of dominance and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved, and successful.
Women won a 175 of National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, a little bit of the power of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the depression of ancient mosques and Sufi footprints.
Another day I ended up with the murder of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the armic officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuing rape of human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is politically, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interviewer, exclusion and sentiness became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the success of criminal list, and the election.
So I'm here today to trust you that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we made the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The crucial list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recycling?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then?
Why is our society posting and dominated with selfish policies of domination and excuses, both by men like women for women?
Perhaps what I was missing was not just women, but women's values of compassion, mercy and inclusive.
Our society needs the national dialogue and creation of consensus more than what the choices needed -- which only reinforced polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female most than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like individual agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, not only honor but also put the mercy. Mistake instead of sentine, collaboration rather than competition, inclusion rather than exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, desperately needs in order to reach peace.
Because peace has a alcohol that tries to be the intersection and the alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a sociolic way.
According to a summer of the Koran "Sharp, peace, is the word of the miserable God.
At the same time, the word "Army, which is known in all the Armanism traditions -- has the same root in Arabic than the word "Here, by promoting the female and material, who will go to all the humanity that men and women, where all the tribes and all the peoples have worked.
And so, just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside the entire matrix of nuclear compassion all existence.
So this is how it says, "My mercy. I would get all of the things."
This is how it says, "My mercy prevents about my anger.
That all of them are told by the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a quantum question, which has an equally quiet answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does always, why does she left?
Why was someone who was going to stay with a man who pays it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, and I don't experience in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to count.
I was 22 years old. I was just listening at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as a writer and an editor in the Severing magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Expert, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, he pointed me into my head with a pile, sheltered with ball bullets.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threats to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of love "local light -- a psychological trap.
It could even be their story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English University, and I have an MBA in marketing from the Washington Business School Martin.
I've spent most of my career working for list company "Professor 500 -- between Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burger and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and a minister honest Oslown minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all race, all the religions, all the levels of returns and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly it.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interactive and long duration or saying differently, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why, the domestic abuse is so described.
I myself would have told them that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who stood it, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be domestic violence victims than the other ages, and over 500 girls of that age are killed every year by partners, girls and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway and started to close with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just been licensed from a university of the Live Lime and worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me most on that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a kid of the field.
I had a big mountain of apples, and a bright hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things he did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about everything at the beginning, putting on a pencil.
We started to go out and loved it all about me, which was list, who had gone to Harvard, who put passion to help girls teenage teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the library in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and making the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and let my dreams work, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and Congo and I were together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love "logging "back," which was entering head in a physical trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts.
And this is where they come into the scene of those tablets.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to be so secure was bought three tasks.
One was in the car guardian.
Another thing under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns actually were a message for me, and although I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack in Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven o'clock in the morning and still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bites of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me very much.
And I was very, very arrested.
It just felt very administed about the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong on the head that I drank several times against the car sentence.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- and he was hooked by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
He continued to take a week or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or access at some point of their life, and the Control of Disease Center reported that every year 15 million children are malarial, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly analog man, and he was the only person in the world who could help Congo face their democracies.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just make?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence is happening after the victim has been end to the relationship, after the breakthrough, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent harassment, even after the abusive has come to marriage, dense of financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to defeat the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not supported with the man who pasted their mother.
And we still keep wondering why doesn't it just go?
I was able to go, because of a last high school that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed him to have it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody all around the world: the police, my neighbors, to my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to estimate victims as a specific headlines, self-destructive women, damaged women.
The question, "Why is it?"
For some people is a way to say, "The guilt is your for staying -- as if the victims we are going to be able to try to really fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Love, I have heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escaped, who learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and they refused their lives of joyful and happy life as employees, wife and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went home with a young and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black lab and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more, it's a clothing pile pointing on my head in somebody who says I want to.
At this point, the same thing is thinking, "Hall, that's fascinating." Or "Hall, what street was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which are listening to me right now, that are being beaten or being disappeared, or they were a little bit of the absorbs themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love to my particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the molecule into the light talking about it with their kids, their fellow jobs, their friends and family.
Represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interact consciously to slow up their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oceans that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years now.
And I feel like right now there is an awkward tension in the room because it shouldn't have dressed like this.  luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first shift of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they appeared there, they don't have to tell him now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tags are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use anymore.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head, because it's when they're going to laugh at me, so they don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would grab the back and put the hair out of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial broken like the one I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our respect, which, even though the superficial and immune has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a health calculation discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which are biologically programmed to admire -- we have also associated with a high and a grassed figure, to feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now shows specialist, and maybe there are some of the lovers of the fashion they say -- wait. There are Nake Smamari, Turi, Joan Smamas, Liz Went.
First of all, happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every single model in the beach, and from the 677 hired models, only 27 percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can I be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell you to each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a complete corporate surgeon, and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist -- no, no, Chris, I want to be a model, then I say, I know my wife.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction chief from the American Vigian magazine or the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Meson.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose to choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be used right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no longer matter what you say, if you say you want to be president from the United States, but your curriculum said, model of clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures were receiving.
And yes, they basically reconstructed all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
So I light up next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am on a party party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.C.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creating a group of professionals, penguins, machines, photographers and statistics, and all of their help and people of pressure and police, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get things free things?
I have too many of the 20 inches and I never use, except the previous pair of it, but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot about taking money, and they gave me the free dress of it.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a drug commercial -- he jumped out a red seat, and of course, they stopped us, and I went through a sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspects without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were spent and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 young black people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times will you stop me?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure is lifted to 78 percent at the 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin, you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible can work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, will be happier.
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the more thin legs, the brightest hair and the more clothes, but it's probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to take a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos and I didn't get my hands on it.
There were no artistic directors, no students, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in the illusion.
In fact, most of them took them up to random.
My story starts when I find myself in New York City to give a position, my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter in his first birthday, and that's the soldier of 57 and the five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to pull the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday came out of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York City on a pain trip and you continue the right?
This is when we started asking the tourists to get out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of bringing the camera into a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has been donated with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life is going to change us.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand him.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and making us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter makes new stories, and I can see life through your eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red tunnel from the wrist store that was looking at little visits before.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
He said he remembered his heart beating with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar photos.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't have to go close to someone and ask yourself, "Do you get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The ships are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter perfectioned as mental characters, dumb, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and atals, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean --  -- parallels don't help prevent the disease spread.
They are hardly long.   They're far from extinct.  And, my favorite, the ships have better presence.   There are two kinds of bubbles on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhists who are mostly found in the Americas, like the companies and the old World World, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the ships important? First of all, provide vital ecological services -- clean ecological services.
They are our natural garbage collections.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- help absorb the anthrax that it will not be for them to be extended and causing big losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no boats, the carcasses take three to four times more time in declarating, and this has huge ramifications in the disease spread.
The ships also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the old Egyptian culture.
Republican was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the code, see the unit between the high and the Enry Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology. Jackson was the Buddhist god, and he risked his life to save the god Sitay of the 10 heads of the demonstration.
In the Tibetan culture, some very important entrances in the open sky -- in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these boats provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the burs?
We have eight species of ships in Kenya, which six are in extreme extinction.
The reason is that they're being sent, and the reason they are being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and family. The strong communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the ships are victims of this.
In the south of Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of Buddhas are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall pressure of livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there are no boats, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in carrot series, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb for radio, the number of cases of rage has increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 orbits are going to be up to the Turkey Lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them in half.
These are birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead boats to serve the outbreak and the methods of the methods.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the Buddhists, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, making noise. They can write a letter to their government and tell them, we have to focus on these very incredibly unconscious creatures -- donate their time to spread the word.
When you come out of this room, you will be informed on the Buddhists, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the Buddhist.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said it changed of opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I personally do -- my life has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, I find young people, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Costa and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for a Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was perfect.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
In place of that, everything we had to do with it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Nigerian "Dangerous, was a project where we decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't accept.  We were astonished that the local ones, in such fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just in time to save the people from Zambia of humor."
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully culture.
We got these magnificent taxis together. In Italy, a tomato grew up to this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the loves, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were really, mature and red, at night at night, about 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the we shipped -- "Oh my God, the hypertension.
And the love said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked.
I thought that only we were Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did -- what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypercents.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we give to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Helector Death from Dami Mood, amazing economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we've entered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has happened.
Just read your book.
Lean from an African woman, the damage we've done.
We are internationally, collective mission, and we treat people just in two ways, or we pattern them, or we are patents.
The two words come from the Latin Rain Raiside, which means father."
However, it means two different things.
Paterials, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot of it."
Pattern, I treat everyone in a different culture, as if they were my services.
So the whites in Africa are called "back "back."
That book gave me a board in the face. "The little thing is beautiful, written by Schusion, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to leave alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't blast?
I decided at 27 years old, I would just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It starts.
It has never come to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from the office.
We met in a coffee coffee. We met on a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not once, for once, we heard them, but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never are, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the business family of the business, who sits with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in your coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in House, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this junk garbage where we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I walked down and I heard them --  So --  So the government says, "Get it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drys, one of the greatest business adviser in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drawing was a philosophy professor before he was involved in business, and this is what Peter Drawing, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the most frightening people in Chris want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come to conversation with you.
You have to offer you confidence, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll turn up, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
Which presentation have you applaud this morning this morning.
And that's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- for not renewables -- manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brake as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we name, we cut, we train education, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities -- the college?
Is the government government? Forget.
It will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people gathered together -- and they were hoping to do something like what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was to the city of New York City in 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to move to the population of New York around the surroundings, would require six million horses and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already getting stone in stage.  So in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would look at the life of New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, there were 110 car manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few -- excitement, factories in placed places.
Dereke, Michigan. Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer you confident.
You won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute thing, dedicated service, extraordinary.
And again, you will have to tell the truth with respect to encouraging.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things magnetically, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to talk to a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 companies of the world Carnegie West, West, Edison Ford -- all the new companies, Google, Hamp.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was initiated by one person.
Not the word "I was -- but the word us." 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have facial, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cafeteria, in bars next to their dedicated ships who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epilepsy, someone who asked you, what does it need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authorities, plants and chalk.
These projects come out of questions like how much do my neighbors pay for their appropriats?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams.
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots who give shadow to lovers and drunk and speakers for centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives rise to music.  There's a desert in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of U.S. abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this gave me a profound gratitude for living and living time.
I gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I promise for keeping this look in my daily life.
I think it's easy to let me go through the day and forget what really important for you.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard, and painted on her phrases to come to the food, "Before I died ...
So the trains could take a chalk. They could think about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be judged by party."  Before I died, I want to sit down on the date change line.
Before I died, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I died, I want to plant a tree.
Before I died, I want to live outside the Web.
Before I died, I want to hug it again."
Before I died, I want to go to somebody responderer?
Before I died, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people who made me laugh at carriers, distributed, and they gave me trust in hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and standardization ways -- it's about giving birth to reflection and contemplation and remembering what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit and now have been made walls in countries around the world, like Katska, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increasing distributions, it's more important than ever, finding the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that gets us more power.
Think about death clean our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Rememond is 22 years old, it's high and very guilty.
It doesn't talk about, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remix knows what love is.
I share it unconsciously.
It's not a strong. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and you look at this: Never lied.
When I sing our childhood songs, trying to provide words that I didn't even know I could even get married, reminds me -- how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
It has the most primitive memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that every single song of my iPod, conversations that we held when I was four years old, making my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gagori.
Don't you seem to be amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds don't join the concept of society, they're often ignored and increased.
But what drives my heart and strengthened my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: the extraordinary and extraordinary things.
Now, for those least familiar things with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it is manipulated in a different way, from there that Remix is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed by a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster in the world, there's no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I wrote a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars on the row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would be in between.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evident.
But beyond the nerves, the frustration and the intelligent hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, when I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal is going through the beauty that makes us differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any one is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rememond and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have, are a gift. Every one of us has a gift inside of it, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for grandmother, progress and change is at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what must have been Alice in the World country.
Penn State asked me, a computer teacher who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  And scared of truth -- scared from these students with his big minds and their big books and their unknown words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just sat when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care care, between others, and if we don't know about it, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not inviting us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, hands with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that the science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to respond. And then what?
Tell me why science is relevant for us.
They don't tell us simply that they study the trees, but they study the trees, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the papers.
And when they're describing their science, I care with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "Space and temporary, but why not say space and time -- which is much more accessible to us?
And making them accessible is not the same as making them something.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways to pick up and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the signals of balloon?"
You've wondered why they're called balloon?  What do the balls do? The balls kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown example is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of tribes is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower in the Eiffel tower.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then providing graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door, and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, all the media -- you have simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Digital English dictionary is subsidized."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "usual, it means desert political.
Although there was an early century of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A learner is the one that seeks a public charge without matter, platform or principle and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a monoline verbal monotarchus."
I have no idea what it means "item."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 1776 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the brave of a guy with the instant name of Brazil Crosom, who confronted the Parliament in front of it.
They took him in the London Tower and they would join him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that they won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase "The Boodban So British like metal.
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's by a freedom of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact in, I want you to come back to America, just after independence, right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was shot in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some people wanted to call it Stanford Washington, and others, "Your Alternau George Washington, and other "Developers from the U.S. Protection of the United States of Washington.
Not very court.
Some just wanted to call it "King"]."
They thought it was quality of quality.
And not even with it were monologists, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And it could have served me.
Everybody is caused immensely because this debate was set up for three weeks.
I read a poor sensor, and he always wrote, "It's still with this topic."
What caused the delays, and the state of representatives was against the Senate.
The Republic House didn't want Washington to be thrown from power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he was giving him to his own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modern title and more intelligent and more likely to happen.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- it was already before, but it only meant somebody who owns a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term "spacecraft, or "supply."
There were evidence events of small government substitutions and government fractions, but it really was an insignificant title.
And so the Senate is opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign diagnosis?
"And who will be serious with a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as President of the U.S.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never forgotten the president of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you may keep waiting for 32 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you with, is that the U.S. President of the United States doesn't sound as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to device, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-seen air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have made the title of grandfather.
So at the end I won the Senate.
They got their respective title.
And also the other issue of the Senate, the singular appearance, well, was a uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations have now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Republican Camera, because nobody is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the president of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and what I'd like to leave with.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control the reality, but really, the model is much more about the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sophisticated bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but especially that catalog of male times and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap light of light into the head with this orange elevation, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that hole that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
I broke my hand and suddenly I remember a minute that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless feet in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and, often, dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition on the Vancouver Peace Current.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a French The Salls, an NGO who is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started to learn about slavery because I knew that there was there in the world but not at such a degree.
When we finished talking about it -- honestly I was ashamed to ignore this attractive of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a node of mine, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of French the Salahnes, and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, ventilating dirty trains.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during all of the traditional slave statement.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can slave entire families by generations by number 18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false empathy promises and better work for then discovering that they're forced to work without pay, under violence and can't escape.
The slavery is operating in the trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produced them are disabled.
So slavery exists in almost everyone and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick horses.
This strange and frequently formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Denisovan innovation.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy pink panel -- they stack mechanically brick in their heads, to 18 at a time, and they take them from the adult furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
And the monologue and the failure work in silence, doing this homework over and over for 16 hours a day.
There was no painting to eat, not to drink, and the severe imbalance was making it raise quite intrigue.
And so penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the hormones I wanted to cry but the adult that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to rely on French the Salahnes and work inside the system for his release, and I trusted that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountains to trains that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them and the kids were holding them to their heads with cards made of sticks and strings and hair.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so immediate, but so unexpected?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were collecting their freedom, the slaves were straight in their homes.
When you hear the word slavery we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness, I was asked to be hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was taken women who had been previously sexually slaves.
I was driven by some of the stairs that gave this dirty basement of faint light free.
It wasn't exactly a government.
It was more a restaurant.
Research, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the legislators of their girls and children, some of them only seven years -- they're forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single place is dark and soon, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a pump and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sex abuse by their clients.
On the shot, I remember feeling a fear of agent, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
It just had a salty: the stairs, where I came in.
There were no back.
There were no good enough windows like that.
Those people have no stage and because we play a subject so hard, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that often relate to the slave of labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a portrait of family.
The warm hands of black are the father, the blue and red hands.
They mix the stands in these big barrels and dive the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom. They said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
There are more than 4,000 children in the Lake Law, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we got there, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Error. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work extensively in these boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up with it was safe, it feared his little canoe was employed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the striped trees in Lake Volumen often catch networks and children, and fashioned and fear and shooting into the water to break the branches.
Many of them are saved.
Since it remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to run and, like all life has been treated with cruel crossed, crucially treat the younger slaves.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they got up the last nets, but they had been working from one of the ones.
The cold and windy night.
And I have to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosovo.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter that French is relative to statistics of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
driving through a road in Ghana with partners of French the Salah, a advertising company with his motor suddenly accelerate and opened up our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it by a land path to the forest.
At the end of the road, he inspired us to get out of the car, and he asked the driver to go fast.
And then he pointed out this kind of visible sense and said, "This is the way, this is the road. Come on.
As we started down, we took the entrances that were blocking the path and after walking about an hour later, we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the pictures of photos about my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the single path ended up overwhelmed in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
A lot of women had kids tied to their back, and while they were looking for gold, they walked into the waters who were invited with memory.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a wells somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were spread in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, ironically, since many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they would make the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full men strong, but if we look closer to the margin -- we see some other lucky ones and also children.
They are all visiting victims, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the marketing of the market in a few years.
This is Manuel. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Mandela helices the debt of the uncle, which forces him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I worked in the 14 mines and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine so serious that the doctors said it should be absolutely.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and not sure that is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like French the Salls, and it's this kind of determination of face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give us the testimony of them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that happens that I don't think of these very beautiful people, beaten, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope these images are going to wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is turning a fire and that that light red light on slavery because, without that light, the beast.
Thank you very much.
I make a mathematical position, and there's a peculiar problem for the people who do it -- we're like management consumptions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the ballet and the clip dancers --  we're going to see later on.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial addiction that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's destroyed gradually this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jon Strawfility who, in his time, was a virus dancing of ballet dancing.
Over the last few years, a lot of progress has been programmed.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness -- terms, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and curve metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis, and the best we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that out of clinical trials, they never do. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need a personal needed.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a non-lethal way to try it, you see, in some sense, we're all virtuous like my friend Jon Strategic.
This is a video of the vibrating string virus.
It shows someone healthy as it gets sounds at the same time, we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need. The Pacific, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
So let's think about the time that takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and like Parkinson's affects the limbs also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom you can see an example of irregular terms of vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Vocal terms, weakness and richaria.
The speech becomes more quiet and speaking after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use the existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate -- well, but also the stock tests are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be self-replicating.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
These are minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost so low, it appears to scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It would not be able to go to the clinic for the routine car.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could make massive low cost for clinical trials and for the first time, the very first one at the overall scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first microbes of the disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal initiative.
Together to Actor's and Pakistan, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Anybody or without Parkinson's, can be called at low price and leaving recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Maumuh, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, will be able to say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get from these shows?
Max Little -- Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people can not get it. They may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important, because we're looking for to limit the confusion factors for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this time?
MS: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Talka, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, what it reaches the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Litzzaft, public.
ML: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, he made photography receptors in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the dense models even more dense, the perfect skin even more perfect -- we do the impossible and we are criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where it was volunteer, there Hans Volasis, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't be sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Fift.
It's a little fishermen town located on the preference of the Switzerland of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took scans of channels and the rains.
We cleaned schools. We took the sludge and we left ready houses to be renovated and retreating.
We took tons and tons of fish fish, apartheid, poster of the local factory.
We were installed and loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers and the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photographs and cameras and Dad cards.
They all did the same thing.
They will pick them up and take them to different places of the villages around them to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered for.
As they run from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
He helped clean the ordinary toilets, the huge baby, giant barriers.
And this place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of aviation picks up the photos.
There they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I went through my hours that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that were over a hundred years old, some still were in the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that feature, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to recognize the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too straight, but where the water had drink the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the same aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the propelled picture.
Over the time passed, they got a lot more photos, and they needed more records so that I walked back on Facebook and Lincoln and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
When I was two weeks ago, I had 150 people who were designed to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rouseingberget, a neighboring village in the north of Amaz.
Once we were week, we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, dependent on the representation of the photos.
I could make an hour. It could make a week.
I could explain months.
This kid had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these submerged pictures in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them together with the time of time continued to destroy them, so clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't recognize the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been claimed by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleaning light.
We count with a sub-Saharan neighbor guide.
It's very easy to hurt even more the photos as well.
As Winninfush once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to clean them up but he stopped when I realized it even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild the images in a single picture and get the full picture.
When I collected his pictures shared something about his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble quite far from where his house used to be but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the supply of closing the barriers to the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the signals were supporting.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day I got his pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could come back to look, something that could remember the past that hadn't been killed by that day of March, when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there Hands hundreds of them helped us to clean over 130,000 photographs -- the big majority -- -- the vast majority of them went back to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred families completely saturated and retired.
During this time, we really don't spend more than a thousand dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us, but the first thing we would get back to it.
So this was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is back to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the records.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to return something, using their talent for something that is not thin model of perfect skin.
In closing, I'd like to read this email -- I sent it Cinute the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was concerned, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved around a baby, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born, come out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edison inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that draws an apple in an exhibition of just one million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph, the mammalian, a new technique so fast that it can create video camera from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray rays and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser point and turn it into a trillion second or it is, in several seconds to create a photograph of photographs of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photographs, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that ball and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons get rid of this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow cameras.
Now, all of this --  -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanotechnology is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coke doesn't abstract this research.  You have a lot of things in this film, destroying this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and inside, starts to spin.
Part of the light goes off to the table, and we start to see these rains.
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the thoughts are concentrated for.
Now, if we take a common and running bullet and we make it come through the same distance and see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- from a balloon wildlife.
And how about the dead nature?
You can see the waves that are taken out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, thinking about a fear at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time this tomato -- you'll notice that, as the light becomes approached from the tomato is still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces inside and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in its mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT at MIT for?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure, it gets very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just go into some light.
We sent that ball, that photographer paint, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very strange synchronization, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them into computer to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
If a new power of a supermarket future would allow him to see after the continents?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Republican, entering the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple little refugees.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we will rebuild light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons come back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our female, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a piece of button, you can see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put it together and try to analyze the multiple refugees of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build engagement able to see the inside of the body by providing offices, and the same thing for the characteristics.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is pretty difficult, so actually this is a request to scientists so that they start thinking about machine as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just as Dock Editophrass, he was a scientist, he turned science into art, an art of ultraviolet photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here's something funny as well.
If you look at the waves under the layer, these are stopped from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved seeing this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distance.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to South Asian and get famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a chicken of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the 1988 fall of the 1988. Imagine if all these people gathered that they protest in search of a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a mobile phone here?
Get them.
Raise your mobile phone, really leave them.
Get them. An Android, a Blackberry, wood.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I talk about me, from my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Broadcast.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The data Recession Director.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet vendor of all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who I call an email.
Who sends a text to who he gives him a text.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company, or its Internet provider.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this performance of data.
We want to focus on the digital age, and we don't want the phones and the Internet providers to store all of this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberia, not temperate."
And some even said that this would be Stage 2000.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also asked if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my telephone TV, Shedi TV, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got them to ask you, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, blah, a color.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to give you a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Desers TV said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
It would take the demand and they send me the information I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the institution for the German language of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly lady with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand advertising lines of information.
At the beginning, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data means.
So, next to Keith Oliver and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go, going back and forth.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from France in train to Colombia, and how often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's about all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who involved in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall might never have happened.
And in mind, neither of the High Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But autonomy and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for analogy.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not passed in fashion.
When you go home, you tell them to your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store you from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you can remember to remember you have to fight the sound in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Massachuset Zadiel and I'm not evidence, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, assigning the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I fear all the time.
Look at.
It's a farmer. I'm like a Shake mix.
and Muhammad Al.
A P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not continental or it can be contracted.
No one was telling me the uterus of my mother and I didn't have the password because my parents were brother cousins, although they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration and I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas values, are in the shopping center, drive in circles for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disappointed?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
There will be a flash of the oppression. I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestine, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Claire, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same start.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "Don't Can."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dancing song."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents dropped to the school system, and they made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't take every single note that we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five putting my feet in their feet and just walking.
Another touch that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so it would do it.
The stress that I take inside was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was a box of bottle that has received many balls.
By growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabic, and they remain all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate use "The Muslims, as a campaign leg.
The people I grew up didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot that I died of hunger during the breakthrough.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so to help the dawn of the advance, it's very easy.
Bali happened in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tags, or I can walk with tags.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used tablets, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Man.
In summer vacations, I often tried to hold me up, so I drank high milk on my back, and I was served in the dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "It works, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a subject of sustainability that I couldn't stand up with me."
And I can now hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.S., University of the State of Arizona, because I went into all the cases.
It was like the track light of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene of the glass of the glass my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the Union decided to make a work called Valentina very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain parasites.
So I started screaming to the four winds -- "I will finally have a role.
I have brain parasites?
At the end of the light? At the end of the free."
Thank God totally at the end of my life.
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Sharon Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do risk stunts -- I can't do the character."
It was a role that I literally had been born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a slight history of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
Growing up, I went back home, and my first active tour was like extra on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be surprised from company, better friend in a sand.
Instead, I stayed there as a saving, I didn't see me more than the number, and it was obvious to me that supply directors didn't hire cool attacks, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Gelly, Rosetta Barrie, Ellahin, and all these women had one thing in common: they were common.
So I made me humor.
In my first tour led to New York City to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comic that he took when I was at high speed by the author of New Jersey with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs from all the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censor and no vent.
Some people say I'm the first monoline in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little disgusting rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my mother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Afghan comedy Festival Festival in New York now, in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media, and at the same time to remind the repair directors that sophisticated and Arab are not synonymous with it.
Interviewer was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the cable news program with Keith Olympics.
I walked into a graduate dance, dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Five four, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I would cling to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the semen, and when I finished the interview, I was placed.
At the end I had my opportunity and dragonflies. I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not just Mr. Olympic came back to invite me, but it was kind of like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something funny that I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scale.
It's said that kids are cruel but never forgotten from me or girl or bigger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became an object of grass.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why did?
"Is it retreating?
And my favorite, "Poor Burban terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We really should pray for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my collaboration, guidance, common, paradigm.
Disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can not make Berlin, then Berlin can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disability is -- yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
The disability are the largest minority in the world, and the most spread in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with media, I don't think I was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My track journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red red carpet by the dinosaur of the Telescope Sustainal Liberia and the renowned Lord Arabia.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandy and work with my head, the incredible Dave Matta.
The world is coming up with "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was depended on the representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 in 2008.
And I founded "The Kids of Massachusett." A charity organization to give kids refugee for Palestinian refugee a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and he gave this talk to her memory.
I go in peace, I lost.
I call me Massachuset Zada, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know her name, but I know his story.
I live in a little town south of Somalia.
This village is near Mortania.
The sea drives the little town to poverty and the brink of the innocent.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Monison, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunity, there is no work, no work, no future.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mortania.
After maybe a traveled year, nothing.
One day you read a gentleman who gives him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to denial it.
It knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a disappointment.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to his family.
They present a young lady.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozartchers, under a blue sky is a car bomb.
That little boy from that little town with dreams of the big care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little girl trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in the end of it?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that pulled it from what we call "the waiting period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the margins, young urban urban young people who are describing riots in Johnson, disappearing riots in London, looking for something beyond the waiting period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the expensive access to violence, to violence, to gangs -- being the story of cities 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Morion, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Morgan last month, and I went to visit the Middle Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital stored to balls thinking, "What if I never did it?
What if I had been forced to be in that same spring period?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Monishi that month was actually to address some juvenile leaders in a corporate board.
I met about 90 Somali youth leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One from the room was Albert.
He went at the University of Monishi, graduated it.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited for.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mornicoming, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty-seven years of civil war have completely destroyed the viral system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And they saw an opportunity and appropriate it.
It started a colleague of motors.
It started holding motorized residents to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
So what does this story do?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period?
It leads to young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities who are looking for so desperately as desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mozart Mozarthan, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people on the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mongolia has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came out, if you wanted flowers for your wedding wedding -- you used to be a plastic sent from the outside.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw freezed flowers?
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and flower design.
I created a farm outside of Morgano, and he started growing turns and light cultures, which he said, could survive the Madagascar degree.
And it started the delivery of flowers for based, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies in the city, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park in Mortageno in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mortania.
He wants to create a space where families can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rides.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in the young.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact about them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be a change.
For the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They did business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a corporate spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to do their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
They gave kids from the street to help rent and keep the votes for him.
He gave them a chance to escape from the paradigm period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they get up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than pumps and waiting forever."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad at the Indian mountains, an Arab area in the state of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forget.
The sun was made that the leaves would shine like a vital, and it wasn't going to be the way we went on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to weigh that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a coat on a restaurant with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the cortex there was a base, from about four square feet with apple heart balls of aluminum paper balls and old calories.
And I was analogies, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they had made, who thought he was going to clean their garbage.
That question followed with me, and it simplifies a little bit.
Who cleaned our cheap?
No matter how you organize or where you get the our ownership, who cleans our garbage in Starm" in Starm"
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris, or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our garbage by reason 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like to take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his traces and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interpretation.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collector.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And he was operating the mechanical scans and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as nice as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to get used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory statistics, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous oceans in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you around you.
They just want to happen, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implications of garbage.
When you get out of the fine, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breath or circulation.
It should always be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste requests are the most important labor in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health workers.
If you don't get rid of the waste efficiently and effective every day, this starts to break out of your container and your inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to hurt them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the motors of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed.
I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary age.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair it, we cleaned or we take our cup of coffee, our barrier baby, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will come from it.
So today, I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost radical.
They're on the street every day in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of our own waste, our own waste, our faith, and that flow always must stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I listened to a rain collection truck on the street, he grabbed my little son and he went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing her rate recycled on paper as he did all of the Wednesday prisons.
And I tried to thank you for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just started, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be okay."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection, and I saw that man.
It's called Paula, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reimagine the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
Musical waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize you.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our common life by making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as a example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in Ethiopia, Adams Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and to me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to jump.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crisis with crystal generates heat inside the interior, so you need a lot of competition.
In a city where this shouldn't happen, because it's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for the entire year.
And thirdly, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a pill trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, he was really charged with the ancient market that is this structure in the air, where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small sensors.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an indicated artist that creates a space to the free air in the building that hangs on, for its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes each floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a footprint of streams with perfections to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a leaked way.
Then we inspired these beautiful buttons of the stages of the Ethiopian ethnic.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little precipitates that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
This is made up with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we asked."
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because at the end of the day, there was more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was a lot more economic -- not only due to the material compared to glass, but also because it didn't need to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pores on the roof, which in conjunction collect water for the sandwiches inside.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of the building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest I've designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years old that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access door connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 simple blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these parts.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the media climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that assured that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patrollers, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians for the phones.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reducing the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all neighbors, they can go up and social, and make activities like running a two kilometers a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had big amounts of hair very bright and a little pencil of pencil, a little bit of little pilots -- it was super strong for the care capitals of states, very good for a prototype.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I took my seat plan.
One day I took a time after the output of school. I was a little bit later, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was depressed, it went out, walked into the classroom, took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then I did.
I alternate the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a few of them.
All of them.  And I was willing to go back the book in the box. But to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a free, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put every row from D and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprise me what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good to do it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was desperately obvious.
I never discovered me.
But above all, I apologize to the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for a share.
I was intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so pentificate.
We know babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates, blue birds are very expensive.
We know that cells are the number one cause of cheese killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the cells are studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no classrooms, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Heleth the imperfect, there was no "Disease."
There would be no king, or "The thousand and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They were going to be the reading list of high school reading lists because we would be losing "The Novel and the Future. There would be no Gates, and "Well, we would lose "Mark Border and Anna K."
No cells, there is no Program. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the cells, almost you have all of them.
This year has been served 100 years of his masterpiece, "In search of lost time -- the most exhibitional study of sexual skies and also the ordinary competition, mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prosthetic, we have the mental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic magnetic in your warden.
We forgot about how hard that image is.
We forget about how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Gold said they were as hard as cat terror.
I don't know what the cat late, but we assume it's superpower.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the skins, the skies and Prosts.
Is it going to be very obvious as the skies that are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their implications, are a solid narrative base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel class.
When we feel class, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and a audience, we know exactly what details include, to wash the knife, right?
The skies make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single taste that Sony detects in his lover, he adds his collection of torture instruments in her private camera.
You have to admit that San and Prosthetic, they were notoriously classes.
You know, Prosthetic boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so silent to recognize that it's hard work. Right?
The skies are advanced.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the stories.
The skies are nutried from information.
The skies use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the nice little standard of pencil.
The cells are nutried from the photos.
That's why I Instagram is so successful.  So promise links well the language with the classrooms.
When Sanahan is in his skin agenda, suddenly he hears behind the doors and bribe to the services of his lover -- then he advocates those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is representative, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Project is trying to prove that cells look intellectual and make us seem absurd, but in their memory, they are searching for knowledge, the search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to Project -- the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prost.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a lot of more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in.
Are we telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the skies will reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our administration, our awful ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so percentage, so perfection?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife was doing, without realizing increasingly, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or does it accidentally relate to a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the countler of his wife.
Novelts are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity, but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent acts or illegal acts of things.
The skies are driving us to behave in completely steep ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A 52 years of age was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which he sent messages to himself, awful to himself, for a year.
For a year. It was a year.
She was trying to figure out the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, they reacted with administration.
Because we are realistic.
How huge -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novelty.
Like a novel of Patrick Higgsanding.
Hillipics is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The Strangers in a Tree and "The Taliban Mr. Republican? books that are trying to do the classrooms, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in an instant.
Take Tom Rill, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to be aware of whether or wanting what you have to do with your self and to get on what you ever had, and it's under the floor, it responds to your name, takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Richard.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as I would like.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in technology times.
I mean, we are good citizens of social media, where is it evidence, right?
Did the novel show us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to 222 of Baker Street and ask by Sharan Hollays.
When people think about Hollands, they think about the curse.
But I've always preferred the instinct in Seattle, the head face of Stanford Arab who needs Hollays desperately -- needs the genius of Hollay, but he gets upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Seattle needs his help, but the rest of it, and bubble with bitter in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Agency of Six Jabuls, once Hollywood comes in, he would break all of them with his solution, Seattle goes back to Hollays and says, "We're not classes, Mr. Hollay.
We're proud of you."
And he says there is no person in Stanford Yard who would not want to shake her hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood in history. It seems to me very emotionally. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the skies as a geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a Hollywood minute is the opposite side of Seattle.
The next minute they're the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being he the research.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the skies are really a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of each other.
We can focus on it.
But I like the continuous plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fiction.
The fiction just domestics, I invite you to the table.
And look at what it locates? The Sweden Sweden, the Target Ruley, the southern Saudi Real, the same Martin Prost.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Mola Apollo Mountain 11 and descended on the Samari Sea.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence in the Moon surface gray was the culmination of a convenient collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars from today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
They walked on their surface, which Albert after Armstrong death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of browser, 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be forced by later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Richard in 1963 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy Feynman: Some ask, why the Moon."
Why do you turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain down?
35 years ago, why would you fly over the Atlantic.
Why do you play Richard against Texas players?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason PoetCH: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a West victory on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the introduction of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane and penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the pollination, and the smallpox is eradicated.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Tomber in 1970 called accelerating force?
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sailing ship in 1969, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has been evolved by seeing that the problems we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been intrigued.
I remember seeing the Apollo Adam 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he doesn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn State rocket.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have been distracted and they would have enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate automatically automatically.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a remarkable explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that it has been created less ambitious companies than those of the years of Internet, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty.
Silicon Valley says that risk of risk caused that to change the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It gets mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were at their peak point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments that they could go out in 10 years.
Charles have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that would never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomaterial -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biomass.
We want to do alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will incentivize the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy policy, or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for a long time that famine is a result of the failure of food spread.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect carefully the food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage storage and food repair -- but there will be famines while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes release a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon will declared cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some certainly resistant kinds of cancer, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population should want to solve the problem: institutions must support the solution, should actually deal with a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, it meets those criteria.
But it's a surprised model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no grandfather like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who heroin the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be straightforward.
I was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a recovery, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task, which I think gives a clearest idea on the subject.
First of all, I mean, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I lean to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite cool, judges, nurses.
The rest are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this evidence evidence?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians in politicians?
Now, if someone asked you, "Come in the soldiers?
Conferences in fishers?
Conservations in the primary teachers?
You probably would start to ask, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust you, but in other not."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to double trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel by a certain kind of official or functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we get those evidence in our daily lives in the way trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about goals?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I'm going to do.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is about trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trust what it's not reliable.
And I think that those people who developed their savings with the very utterly called Mr. Mathematic, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Identity depressed or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you tell it, it says, yes, OK, that's what it means for the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the perfect matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible to it, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent, honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competent, and responsible but extremely disappearing.
If it's like that, I haven't been punched yet.
But that's what we're looking for.
Trust is the answer.
Confidence is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, functions and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, look, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative role than the game is supposed."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and trust, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to do the work of the people who have to make hard tasks like the parts, and we recommend them to make the cards, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will transmit the people that we are trustworthy and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuilding the trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should reconstruct trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, it's different because we give it other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough base to be able to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually to all the people, all the time.
But you also have to provide some physical evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them back without giving any explanation.
I take you and give me the money, or you change them for the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other side, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not very hard to discuss.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen where imagination can be desperate.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, it created this tool that goes into the digital space, so when the opposite oil against the screen carries its physical body to penguins.
Designers can motivate their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break up the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do we get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of the hands?
In the Appreciation of Microsoft Sciences of Microsoft, along with my mentor Catholic Bonobo, he brought the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital job area.
By combining a transport with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the line of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with the hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book from a standard.
You can pick up the book and pull out lines or words with the synthetic tactile sensor that there is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come into us?
Second, many of us will have bought and returned things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transplant when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make it physical so we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, my tutor Hiroshi Israel and my collaborator Recopitation Post, we created this only physical pile.
This spherical magnet, it behaves as a 3D pixels in space, which means that as much as computers like users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we crave gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors accident.
And by programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and come back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach corrections physically and distance and the famous take of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement, the physics, and unlike the monitor or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world will change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a syndrome for two years in Hungaria, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to train a school for athletes with all expenses in the paid.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they actually believed that there was only a curved path to happiness, a safe work and well removed.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera sing.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must begin to train from very young to learn the arguments, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of the school and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adult gave it the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
Topic, that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another calling.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It turns to books.
(Audience Companies, "Singer Charles Silky, "The American History, came to America in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese campaign life.
And it's not completely conventionally.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution, "Hollow your father and your mother."
"Honor, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obviously."
So it became my tool to get out of this correct guilt trap and to reimagine the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my comparative reading.
I put a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparable religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can treat people "Film Franklin, "Wall Amazon of David McCain who were involved in a same source, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the tensions are economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(Audience: (Audience Testa." Thomas Merchantage: Rather than losing in the translation -- found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "Daddy, in Chinese literally means "hell for quick."
And "Boring," in Chinese, it literally means new mother."
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it won't feel alone or impossible ever.
Having a disabled dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered for.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
A sad dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, which I am here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychological plastic.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berkeley clinical psychology.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using cowboy and a holding tower, and he ran on the couch of my office took the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so short.
My class class had a pyramid as a first client.
And I got a print I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought into the sessions, it made me easy just to move my head while we went back to the solution.
"The traders are the new neighborhood? He said Alex -- and so I saw, she was right.
You start working after that, you get home after that, you have kids later, until death happens later.
For contractions like Alex and I had time to go.
But shortly after, my survival was ready to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category, you get up with a head head, but it's not like you were to marry him."
And then my survival said, "It's still not, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work on the marriage of Alex is before it has to be home."
This is what psychologists call a "Adam moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new ones.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign legitimate was a real problem, and he had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life, but for the careers and the families and the futures of principles everywhere.
There are 50 million neighbors in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody gets to the adult without going through the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the inventors here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with pinks, you love a prison, you take the dream a print, I want to see. That's right. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments of "Ahead, which shape their life will have gone through 30 and so on.
People from over 40 -- they don't walk in panic panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s, and it's represented for adults, which means that if there is something that they want to change themselves, now is the moment to change themselves.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their home at 28 and things become complicated at 35 degrees.
The 20 are the time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact in the person that will become a conversation.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the neighbors are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
journalists are taking names of ridiculous names like the penetrations and the children?
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a trivial which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernand said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Right?
What do you think happens when you give you clap to a window in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of emergency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart continuous, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as I start a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to finish up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and they get fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music came out, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be stop, so sometimes I think I got married with my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the principles here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s, there's a huge pressure to the sandstorms and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that starts to show you, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in the 1930s.
The crisis of the average personal age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the race you want now.
And realizing you can't have the son you want to do now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
Many trains and candidates look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the neighbors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on art or in entertainment, but you couldn't even decide, so I spent the last few years working as a waste.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more early than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult ones, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then he got up to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new leather of director, and he had spent the whole morning filling it with his many contacts. But then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words "In the case of emergency, please.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me, and he said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I give me cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the East decade of Emma was going on.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the previous, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma who would forget from that identity crisis and get identity capital.
By the capital of identity, I mean doing something that adds value to his person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Earth race, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal company, from that company that you want to try to try and try to try and test that one.
I'm not discussing the proper exploration, I'm discussing the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's prototyping.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are super-explosive.
The best friends are great to take the airport to the airport, but the neighbors that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who comes out almost always comes outside of their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called the weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yeah, half of the initiatives have a bad job, or they have no work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to control this group.
Half of the jobs created never been published, then, to know the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a work not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing, but as a vent, Emma soon to choose his family, when he has a partner and form his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or you get ready now when everyone on Facebook starts to walk towards the altar.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose to you.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the quarter of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That work offers gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events.
This married with a man who chose consciously choice.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I send me a letter that said, "Now the emergency stations are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with continents.
It's very easy to help you.
The prints are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport coming out somewhere in the West.
Just before the foot, a slight advance on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Sing.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good desert, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the principles that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling neighbors like Emma every day -- the traders are not the new 20, they take their adults, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They're not left by what they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a job that was even more exceptional, the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City schools.
And like any professor, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I would calculate the grades.
What called me the attention was that the I.Q. wasn't the only difference between my best and worst students.
Some of the people who had better performance had no core scores had settings of scanner.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that made me think.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are difficult -- proportions, decisions, the area of a paralyze.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over enough time.
After several years more doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
It's CD: But what happens if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in quickly and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist in psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We try to predict what characters will stay in military training and who will be retreated.
We went to the National National Project, and we tried to predict what children would go out as far as possible in the competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective thing to improve the results of learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs on it?
Who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, it came up with a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not just a week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questions and then waited about about a year to see who they would grow.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate them, even when I was comparing them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Contemporary Contemporary in the determination of determination -- it's also in school, especially for kids at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical solid solid."
How do I keep them motivated for the long term?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them a choice.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or is even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing in children is something called growth mental."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Desert, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Desert has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to persuade when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mentality is a great idea to develop detail.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead of us.
We need to make our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all of again with the lessons that we learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calorie, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and shape of Chinese characters.
From that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extra, it seems to be as impossible as the Great Wall Chinese.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can throw this death, so that whatever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every feature in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transition signals, researchers -- to understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming, free, "Sunday, I am shooting -- this symbol is actually original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way that it works.
This is a tree.
tree trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's to stop."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multi-like.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the cities.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an "Dean --  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire.
Two pictures together, it becomes very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burn up.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two rules together, prostitute.
Three together, those are deserts.
Put the sun and Moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. It will feed.
A door. You put a table inside the door, it's the boreal door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch any one at home?
This person is coming out of a door, raising, evidence.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they are advanced to be adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radio will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characteristics, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked up on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile. Because Chinese emperor destroyed their political enemies, beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a standard.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glana, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand away.
But by looking at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex show.
And yet, the Oz magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend actually took a couple of years later, curious, another film whose prototypes, a metal boy and a furry kid rescued a girl dressed as a food guard of the enemy.
What am I talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Octobem of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are quite aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician did today, the magician would say, "Holy, you're the salvation of Oz as the paper predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army computer-generated computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even violent are women.
I began to notice this when I was making Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son as well.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the survival level had gone down.  And so he stayed in the room and he was printed as a mom launched with his patents behind, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but inevitably, it absorbs everything.
And I wonder what it is.
Would you be value, personalization and legislation?
Would it have the feeling that Luke would come to an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1930s magician.
How do you win Dorothy your film?
Doing good friends with all of them and being a leader.
It's the kind of world I want my kids to grow old, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital B, force in the movies for our children, and so little about the yellow brick path.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this encouragement.
I know for experience that the Lego princess doesn't provide the right framework that had been served to navigate for the world of adults that is military --  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected that the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have nice.
Why are you still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit for you.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, boys, are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women writing new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herman and Katails, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to be classic after classical after classical after the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who create a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a principal.
It's very good. Don't let that stop you."
Well, almost none of these films pass the Beatle test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not a root and already parties, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Adam Beck is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation I had with a friend of the evaluation of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions you have to do -- in the film, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point of the movie.
Their conversations are about something else about the guy so much?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Argentina.
Right? Or Oslama Russians, screen success -- an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood film is a quality.
It was virtually not the Beatle test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the crisis of the residents.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this script, and it's the great moment for one of the artists to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, honey?"
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many people think they have female prototypes."
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a larger number than this is going to break out this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think that the kids for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or portion are closely linked -- but something wrong -- and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is there's a lot of sexual agenda.
Who are those guys, what are those kinds?
What do you not learn to?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we attaching that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our device as a power general, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask that to help, but I have to ask the question, power is going to protect them, at the same time, active or passively educating our children to keep their male power.
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about the home and the standard.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he responded?
Obama.
Obama Kennedy and Glengh.
What's in common these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress itself.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone else, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories that I say to my son -- "Go and struggle only and more stories where you see his work is to join a team, maybe a team led to women, to help other people better and be better people, like the Oxford magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these concentrations.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love by past and archaeological.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 120 miles of length next to the Nike.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look at another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared use.
This is a place in the eastern diet of Egypt called Berkeley.
And the place, at the simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright ridge.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we use satellite data to find a ancient Egyptian city, called Ethiopia, lost for thousands of years.
Stage was the ancient Egypt capital for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fan, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Ethiopia was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum planet.
This area is enormous, it measures approximately six by four miles.
Before, the Nile was flowing right next to Ettima, and as it changed over time, he moved to the east, and he covered the whole city.
So how do you find a second city in an extensive landscape.
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a laundry, with the eyes sold and using baseball guards.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nike flow.
But you can see more delicious, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think might be the location of Ethiopia.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the ice shots in ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible location of Ethiopia, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Ethiopia.
We also found work work, control, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the mountain of the Middle Empire -- these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what I've been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find Ethiopia here, but let's go back into a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire probably written in Ethiopia 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vocalism.
There's nothing like that.
So it looks like, TED was not founded in 1984 B.C.
You make ideas really start in 1984 to C in a city lost not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the door color, the material that's made.
Now they visualize a group of obese origins in bicycle.
They're competing in a noise of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're strong and they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycle flying across all of the wheels that go on their side, rays out of the wheels that end up in absorb places. They pass the door threshold.
The lobby, to the password, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light -- the shine light on the Golden Monster.
She's saving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse I talk.
You can feel your blue pen making you classes in your nose.
You can smell the bird cookie and you get it out of the mouth.
Walk on the side and go into their living room.
So in the room, and making a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spains.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center metal, singing "The Baby One More Time."
Now look at the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven, come to you Dorton, the Hollywood man, the Springs and the Lego of "Oh, "Oh, Oh, the one of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is taken every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memories."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise superconductor.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could be able to memorize the order of a bar of narratives.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be the phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coca who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I asked him, "Yeah, when did you realize that you were a square?
Ed said, "I'm not a know.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participants from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented by 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire book."
And my reaction was, "Hey! How did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the company, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit excellence, he said, "Jose, you are an American journalist, you are.
Do you know Britney Spains?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spains how to memorize the order in a live narrative ship, on national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spains, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also investigating, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named Epip.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows us to see what point our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pete. He was based on Dummy Hollywood paper in the movie "Ray Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone guides -- it was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not such a rare thing as it can look like today.
And a long time ago, people invest in their memory, to make their minds correctly.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from London College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or analyzed students from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and control subjects with them compared them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow colleagues. They found that in memory champions were lit parts of the brain, different than others.
In effect, they used it, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involved space and negative memory.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where each year is coming up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put by the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 characters of narrative narratives that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4.46 random binary birds.
I know.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call the "crazy confidence.
It illustrates with a paradox known as the Bagger Parliament -- "I tell you the following: I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you to you, remember there's a man named Baby" there.
That's his application.
And then I ask you, remember there's a balloon baby."
And when I come back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word I told you about a really?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baby is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told her work is baby."
Same word, different reality capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baby, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "baby" -- we know panels.
They use white hats shot.
They have harm in the hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we began to put forward panels to make them easy at some early time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the message of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simon that assisted a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DNA, it was a poet of a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he marched down, and so soon he left, the room of the bank collapsed up.
Move them all together.
But I didn't just kill them all, but I shattered the bodies leaving them.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they could not be able to bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Singer, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting in each invisible.
I took the family of the hand to get them to where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Singapore supplying at that moment is something that we all know about intuitively, and it's that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I ask you to get the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Simons, it's very likely that it turns out to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the parallel horse brown in your lobby, you'd be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and fold it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and remote -- and the fantastic and strong is the image, more inclusive be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties on Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited on the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory in the same way that City did if they were invited to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine they're at the door of your house.
And to do some kind of absolutely ridiculous image and crazy and inclusive to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely injecting competition.
And then you can imagine walking into your house, and you can see the monster of the Golden Gates on Mister Ed on the Mission.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Coca.
And then you would see Britney Spains to remind them that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk would be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them but typical by typical.
In fact, the term "Time, comes from the Greek Great Greenless -- which means place."
It's a research of when people thought about the orangutan and in the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in your memory stick.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something wrong about this competitive memory room.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a purely boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting in terms of texting -- I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mapped in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put me in its place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school frog bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it is actually about doing is getting more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, productive, injections, absorbs and obsession in the eye of the mind.
I get really excited with this.
This is me, using my training standard team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and a couple of security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory pressure.
I thought this could serve for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got the consciousness, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be put to build messages from memory or memorize narratives of nanotubes, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deep.
The pale of memory -- these memory techniques, they're just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real advances.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of us don't go through exercise over there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made metal.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what Epiph, the mass I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we going to be so hard that we don't even bother in processing deeply?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person you remember to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to move only a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from North. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents' house called Liberians, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony.
And there they all spent the time watching the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me. And every time I turned up and I went back into a towel. They all saw me.
And I was like this.
It was a tough, insecure and hated it.
I hated that route, hated that battery, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not from any area division, but of those visceral connections, emotion that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit incidentally, very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I would get you, they think of power, stability and democracy."
And I know you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an advance that architects use the architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, and we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these standards stable standards, soldiers, versus sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build. urbanization and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
That's why we found buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
It's the Liberia Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a collapse, it has this round thing, columns red, red crowd, that let you come up with what Liberians tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, there was another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the peak.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new religions, new solutions for the current life.
We drive, let's drive and push so much, that we get away from people.
All of the black, this depressed, you think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like traditions, so we start to experience again, and we do the back of the back at the back and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called broken called?
It's got to do with the ant.
That can be guess.
Small windows, democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the web back into the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like and we update them.
We added none and add cake and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't have a look.
We took Chinese arms and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be military classic classrooms.
The shapes are surveyed, they won in audacity and color.
The oceans became columns.
The signs grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, to French or to Italy.
Probably with a sense of bread.
This is what happens with post-conflict.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They are easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and all you know, this is not the Tahrir.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we start making the power again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decoration.
We describe the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques associated by computer, and we find new composition, some ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and emergency, and it's super improvisation. One is completely exclusive.
Normally, the pile screen again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gulg of Bilbao.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times gave up this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical ways, how is it possible that they become organizations around the world?
And it happened, because the media was going around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism, right?
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the same manuals in the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennia happened with other stars star.
I happened to Zacha's and Libolia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated -- you can take a boat, a plane, can be turned.
The technology accelerates. You can see in the newspapers, on the telly and at the end of the end, all of us are architectural photographers and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't spend a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
Brutality wasn't a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were stopped.
That will never happen, I think, because we're in the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or the steel or the elevator. And it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the power to media, it starts to get more and faster, until faster, to be in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it's effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols -- emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was increased.
This is the center of a village called Pinks in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant two years before the building was over, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly to the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people started to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes the collective memory, and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think of architecture, because digital media not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about for a second in those Liberians of Liberians.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet for "no library libraries?
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's municipal.
So Muslims that can take the mayor of Liberians, to the people in Liberians, and tell them that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use wonderful words and complicated drawings and you're not a developed audience that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the science of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sever can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are adapted to nature capitals and not the other.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or a yoga or for yoga.
This means that three architects can dream with nature at the New York City of New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bandwidth of renewables, as well as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, and they find it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give shape to the smaller spaces, the local libraries where we shape our children, and the step of the dorm to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and he started walking.
And he does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection here.
He gets laughing and she gives themselves those big kisses and the wet kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when do you stop doing this?
How do we suddenly disagree with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, "Am I a fall?"
This is Fahrenheit, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Dennis.
And as any teenagers, he just wants to be loved and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
Among what your mom tells you and what your friends or your friends are told, you don't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of herself -- I publish it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment starting -- "Am I a poor or a fall?"
Well, so far, Fahrenheit has received over 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correct, which receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you carrying them to do this?
Well, today's adolescents are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about, singing me like, "I like it, starting, sharing -- this never ends up.
Never before we have been so connected in a continuous way.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in his room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is teaching our kids to automate based on the number of "I like it and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between an online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated directly.
What is the most restricted thing in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are drawn from the news of girls now.
The sea models continue to dominate our spaces.
The technique of the group is now a routine now.
And trends like the Thailand, the typical, blood and standard.
For those of you who know it, it means profile.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the superheroes of the sports stars, and the robotic singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be very skilled individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates -- they avoid engaging in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One out of five are not attending to classes at all.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you enough enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about that of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we are talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on his body is depending on academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more not healthy diet that can take them to a food demographic.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, drug diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and adult damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preparing the health system, and our government costs the health of billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they are overweight again, regardless of whether they have or they don't have greater rates of adaptation.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that be?
Let's release this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes -- the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are correct points for anyone willing to provide a education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that take the areas in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the emergence of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to imagine that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by assuming responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time they weighed a mirror?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children are growing up by valuing their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion influence.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pencil.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out of the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe that they are never getting them to be who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you in mind?
A wife."
Your sister to your sister.
To your daughter here?
Her overwhelming? His friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was released from that artificial voice inside of his interior, that I promise you for not having long legs -- most diamond, a more flat, food longer?
What would it mean for her if we used this and would we be going to go up to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images are giving us all of us.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and behave with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little overloads of an age of today, they become agents of safe change of themselves.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth Now, I walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Menister Kathen, the leader of the Jewish Defense Legacy.
We initially declared it innocent -- but being prisoner for other minor charges in others, they started planning attacks to about 12 New York City, including tunnels and Singapore and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later, we will be convicted of his participation in that attack.
Elizabeth. Is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family began to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact in, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so amazingly appropriate to their convictions that think we have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, they had been going into a tube training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Columbia of Torture Christian who, without knowing our group, was shot by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the ride in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that spread I gave the little orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of all of us, especially me, all the goal was in flames.
My uncle came to the other and in Arabic, said "Broadward "Brown."
From such a parent, a kid.
At all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it seemed so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a card with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking park in the northern tower of the World Trade Center causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "ambitious." That means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved to me 20 times -- that instability during my childhood was not allowed me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone was a moment of packing and going to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class often was victims of mathematics.
I was looking at secret my identity to avoid being the white, but being the new of the class, silent and reminder, was enough music.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly -- to grow under familiar, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that they were testing my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a college program that I participated in the Journal National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of killing almost all my life, something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processing.
One day, at the end of the convention, I found that one of the kids who we had done friendship, was Jewish was Jewish.
I took several days to go into the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud of having been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was unbelievable.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a park of fun.
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that the homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the homosexual people were bad influence.
By contrast, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most polite and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been accused by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that genome is, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Dalai Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my interconnections, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, exotic wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that would build in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with intelligent domestics, and he said, "I'm tired of hate share."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zacha Erbora.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone -- one day, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that although I was convicted of this violent and intellectual ideology I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of the terrorism to talk, against those meaningless acts, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple simplicity I'm exposed here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multitasking movie.
It's in 3D, and it has a Southern sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has anger, flavor and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like your childhood moments that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a volume in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in directly.
This film is your conscience, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have a own internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a own consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of our lives, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that processes what we have to do to produce results without experiencing the inner movie.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible for consciousness science.
Science is obsessive.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there may never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I put that vision.
Psychology studied the behavior of the background, and neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurologists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Peneran said, "Now it's the moment for science to deal with consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
So we saw something about this guy in the fantastic work I introduced Nancy Kanzielles a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a correction science.
It's not a science of explanation.
These areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to him by saying that this kind of neuroscience work answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what some areas of the brain are doing and what they are correlated with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It doesn't offend the neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well I don't know the real central mystery of this matter, why do all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like economists, like humorous, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical principles are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the economists operate -- how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms, all of them are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-controllers that work, for a long time, hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We get used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there's no such hard problem of consciousness.
All the idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the brain behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of conscious consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfaction.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental railers, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything.
Instead, they are considered fundamental -- and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental gets allowed.
In the 19th century Maxwell's found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass -- Newton's laws -- and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then because of logic, you have to add the list.
The most natural thing would be to post the awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
Physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can strike them in a role.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can stand in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called panic panels. "Paul for everyone, "Pack," every single system is conscious -- not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Kinguh, the elementary particles.
Even a photo has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photo can be full of distress when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the right?
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some element of raw feeling -- substance, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anyone think about something so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to be inevitable, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is by overcoming consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's awareness.
complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Girl Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical integration of integration of information, which is called Ph, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration -- a high degree of Ph.D, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration in the same way, quite significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the laboratories, microbes, particles, the degree of Ph.D.
The information integration level is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there's still a different level of consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of Ph, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that passion can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations but doesn't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking explain Stephen, "Where is the fire of equipment?
From passionate vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that view, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, passant vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be slide.
I used to think I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think thinking good, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samarity artificial intelligence system in the movie "Here?"
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of passant information, she has a complicated information process, integrated so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you put out pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the intelligent computer systems and the ethics of applying them.
Finally, you can ask for the whole awareness of the entire collective collection, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk, at this point we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the inner movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this passant view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious awareness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to go to it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I got my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to tell me for a prize of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She didn't really get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After the school, I had a low profile in my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Bush Seats the Valley Salari, and David Creek."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mellon, just after about 20 minutes in the classroom 11 of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
And I said, "What disappear?
Well, I had been talking about the law of drug for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair. They talk about inspiring things in school?"
Usually in the acts of action.
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with disabled people as an inspiration objects.
And we're not. And it's not the fault of the kid, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and you're probably waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be extremely disappointed.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you've sold the lie that disability is a bad thing, to capital, my mass.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exception.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't get exceptional.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this other one, "Before I abandon them, interview?
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the little girl drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with priorities of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term depressing debate, because they cost a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we agreed to defend the benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, so bad that my life could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been surprised by trying to express that they think I'm brave or a source of inspiration and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to confident.
These images, those images correspond to people with disability in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things we know is not the things you can think of.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "developed people -- deliberately because I subscribe the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disappointed because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to think about how we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it tells you as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exception.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by hacking the inspiration and you think, "Oh my God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability all over time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a bunch of barrier pickles to pick up the things that are falling me.  learning the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that is excited and concerns.
I really think that that lie that you've sold about disability is the biggest institution.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude? The reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a ladder have never done that it becomes a race.
Never.   Sandy to a TV screen will not make the captioning for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and raising a positive attitude will convert all those books to the bread.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching Buddha Samed Does No Conference deal with anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a child from 11 degrees in a high Mellon school in Mellon is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
Disability doesn't make us exceptionally, but question what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a grandmother without coral?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't decline.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about Minnese Report, and Tom Cruise showing the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because it really increased our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, that's what I do: the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, it's a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds of person chasing us, trying to disappoint with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NOLOs, because the idea of the emerging technology of the emerging technology is a submarine climbing up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klerk, go.
It's horrible to be tape.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
Present?
Go!
Chris Kulfid -- as you can see, it's a test of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the tactor.
You may have realized that you need people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Field Marciness: mice.
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kulfid, this is about a little bit more sensation to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NOL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field magnet.
Or a run?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we feel filled? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Octobers Richard, who surely already know.
The Rick Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality ever, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What is the experience of a fan when we recorded a video by Adam Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a tape with the arm before running and making an antibiotics? What will the experience of a fan are.
When it can be Messe running through the song, throwing the ball down to the bottom of the network? Or French doing a ship in Wimping?
What will your experience be when you get out of a mountain to more than 100 miles, like an Olympic skin?
Maybe they increase the sales for adults.
But this is not still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, River.
How do we get the augmented reality, Raya?
We're going to get to the augmented reality when the coaches and the manus and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it for parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief space about technology at NOL.
In 1965, the Baltimore Ports put a shot to their field margins to play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NOL placed radio raises in the helmet of fields and then in the defense.
They had more spectrum because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that they carry on. You don't have to worry about forget a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out into the field and react to it.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parts of you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the seasons of the helmet and the accessibles, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be sent together.
The bad ones will be able to make information overhead.
This difference the good teams of the bad guys.
So your computer team will be as important as your reconginging, and data analysis stop being just for neighborhoods.
It will also be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the countryside.
Imagine you're the field magnet.
You get the ball and back.
You look for an open receptor -- all of a sudden, a flat at the left of your bombsight -- you add you that a defense behind you is going to attack. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Ray system warned you.
Move to the protection area.
Another end of an open receiver.
You launch the ball, but you threw you down.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your bombsight an area of grass that lights up, and you can modify the race.
It comes up, and he catches the ball, running and story.
The public automobile and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion on the game.
I'm going to make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of reality increased?
Are we going to use it just as bread and close, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, will be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth of sports legislations.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a drone how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being persuaded?
How much is it going to be for a Congress Harvard or a Neil Geographic Super trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of the terrific notes and Karsas?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges we face -- depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently got up after 23 years of service at the Higgs Park of California.
And most of those 23 years of mine had happened to me in the South Side of the Margaret County, which includes the Goldman Gate Bridge in it.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is mainly known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspired architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Goldman Gates was open in 1973.
Joseph Straws, engineering head to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically a suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probable."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so the every one of them frees out of all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down under your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a five to five seconds, the body fell against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which are perfecting vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
Those of you who don't, usually they get thrown into the Indian water, and then they get stuck.
I don't think that those who are contemplating this method of suicide you realize the death of the death you will face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get before they take away their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the barber.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these call.
This was not just a bad service to those who contemplating suicide, but the officials as well.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials train.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the heart near the center.
He said, and when I came up, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the bridge Goldman Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, he had flown up here twice since New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Japan, we asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
So remember the Greek mythology Zepas, he created Panama, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandana, and she opened the box.
She got plastics, penis, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and no hope."
And he stopped some instant, leaned on the right, and it was.
This clever and intelligent boy in New Jersey had just removed life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked him.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved it was suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
You don't argue, you blame it, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just stay there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think that someone is suicide -- you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Oh in similar circumstances you've thought about ending your life -- you've had these thoughts?
To confront the front person can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs looking for -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about this: social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I would like to read your letter.
She lost her son on January 19, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hello, Kevin. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty impressive, but notice more moments to realize that Mike won't come home.
Mike was driving Pete to San Francisco to see the standard of the 49 with her father the 19 of January.
It never came there.
I called Peter police and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 1850s, in the evening of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My sentences are with you for your fight.
GB: The Google Golden Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a central.
Good luck this week, Vicophone.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go down the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject in the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, I crossed the sandwich and he stopped on that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a half, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day back on that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happened.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did you go back and give you hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just hear me.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear Lord Brights, nothing will erase the events of the 11th of March, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was burning by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
He adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all of those helicopter traits -- but thanks to God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like he said.
We thank God for you.
Just in debt with you, North Bertie Bertie."
And at the end she wrote, "Paul -- when I visited San Francisco Hospital that night, you figure out as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others.
Survivor is not just something I've been in the job.
It's personal.
My grandfather was supported with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Typically, this is done only in three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls from suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final background, I looked at me, and he said, Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Hollow, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people who we get to contact on that bridge are not sustained.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the sandwich they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only Martin with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be prevent.
There is help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question makes you shake: How do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone anyway, I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had since a child.
My outside finally connected to my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture I think, you do it Gene, you get it, you get it.
But the October, I discovered that, you know, I'm just beginning.
They all love our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release them, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of the people around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this animation is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child when I was born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to authority.
The gender has always been considered an immune fact, but we now know that, really, it's a more complex and mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I never encouraged me to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be a bad thing, but how the world treats those of us who want to liberate free.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called TV.
It's the director of a transmitted beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you participate in the beauty of beauty.
He told me that if I participated it was going to come out of the consumer and vestimate costs, and that night, I won on a bathroom suit, won on a grain suit and left third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of the beauty of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from the beauty of traditional women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the disasters, especially when we traveled to remote proportions of the Pixar.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that could go to the United States.
It resisted.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and my name.
She also approached me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they make the most prestigious surgeries and sophisticated surgeries and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license, and the "Garden name and the F of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a wheat, but for me it was the license to live, to feel diagram.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimized.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman of Mob Networks.
A young woman in New York who was worth his truth, but he disappeared, he was starting to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the Common Day Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivers.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, and fear.
I'm here, explaining, so that one day there are no longer in November 20.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Kathryn Scholl: George, a quick question.
Gene Rock" -- you see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
To my parents especially, my family especially, my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been with young women translations, which I have prepared, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us were assigned by the born, and what I try to do is to put on the table the topic that sometimes that support is not square, and that there should be a space that allowed people to authoritate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The integrating movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. Br: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were hungry in 2011, when he got his efforts in 2011, he became very famous, a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of insulin, of inequality.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl is born, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not good, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes from, he gives her consumption to mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, he comes down, and with the hope of a son, when he reaches his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffer -- it's the daughter, but the daughter was born, when it grows up, it sounds too.
At the age of five years old, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school admit to his siblings, school.
Up until the age of 12 somehow, it has a good life.
You can get fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence, when he was 13 years old, he gets blown out of his house without a male company.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and her brothers and his family, and if he translates the code of that honor country, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor code, not only affects the life of a guy, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a rule more than the patriarchal societies called openness.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet and very humble and very substantial.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be stored.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of his father and her mother and the decisions of the elderly even if he doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because you don't want to be a dense talent.
If you get too young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it density.
And what happens at the end?
In a word of a poet -- "The Case, the shadow, and then gives birth to more children and daughters?
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he included the same lesson for his daughter and the same lesson lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
And dear brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored to me.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a liberal freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Malawi, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malari."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admired her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the private societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
Institute in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An addition to school means that he has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was covering the Canadian look, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the applications of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sanctity of my daughter.
He encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried puzzles in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've got all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
I teach my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called Sebastian.
The brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and particularly for women's rights.
It's called the tangible.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activity.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls lying and the standing singers and the singers.
They suffered millions but a few of them, and it was scary to have around those people who killed and run when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10, Malawi stood up and raised the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the 9 October of 2012, they shot it into the head.
It was a favorite day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered to my wife to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter to your child?"
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame you.
You depend on the right cause.
You put your life on play by the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protected.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and he had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I'm fine with my torture and the excitement in my face.
I'll be good. Please don't worry.
It was a conference for us, and we got it.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist in the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you who despite being an icon by the rights of children and women -- it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't get his task.
He fought with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawing so valuable, expressive and community?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Montella group from Google, where I've had a split to my card, the Google X visualization division of Google X -- but all the work that I'm going to talk about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
No way, can you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky death of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals and trying to get them to go on with life.
More than one time I have saved me.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my automotive, my sense of who I was, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried typical doses and chemical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious. I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and   -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types of things, or maybe some of the things that are attached.
It turned out to be an extreme.
But my big surprise was that I was not trying to be arrested.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to fix a problem that I had in front of it, and just didn't happen that way.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do -- when I went through those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my ideas stream.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to tell you, testing new ideas and recovering situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philadelphia like Humm, Descartes and Hooston see things like this.
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who questioned this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. To me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the right point and I have lots of great mental images, really, well sophisticated and structured senses.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use its imagination only to direct the world that has the face?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are made in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Georgia Gandhia and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the scan of the brain of that same individual while I was imagined by seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by taking the contents of the central column on the left on the left. You see the difference is almost number.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Gallowith lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a huge range of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan that was defined to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer decisions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us boats.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times over the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer me for that.
Many of them are providing new protection techniques by images -- even me -- counting with the recent result of the MRI -- first we have to ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets but to this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution, don't increase for thousands of as we need.
I propose this idea instead of larger magnets -- make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a sports.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big, right?
However, most recent advances in regular solutions and brilliant solutions in coding.
At the same time, instead of a universal magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio process, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scanned.
Also, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the MRI, we should be able to measure not just the fluid of blood, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be able?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be inspiring to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open this door.
But anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it takes much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have a landscape.
His closet, maybe it's to tell some person for the first time that love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Every single person is a difficult conversation, and although our subjects can vary tremendously. The experience of having lived in and having come out of that closet.
It does, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked on the South Side Walker Captain, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of liberal military -- I wouldn't take my armpits to quote the lyrics of Anne Di Francisco as a leather.
And I'm going to be free that by the hole of my short pants and having shave my head I was doing, I would usually ask me a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?"
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would hold my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rain leave.
The father would enjoy the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I would not say anything, and it would boil inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and was about to come into the female issues on the table.  I had the Becky Friedman quote.
The quote by Gloria Steven.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe down and down, and I looked down and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist flight, just a girl with a question: "Are you a boy or a girl?"
And so I would breathe back back back again, I put on tears close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confident.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than kind of a girl of a clip parachute."
And that girl looked at me and paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a pan, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the tank I asked?
It was the easiest difficult conversation of everybody ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the penguin and I, both of us were honest one with the other.
Like many of us, I've lived in some stars in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an architects.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my wife is not different from your own or your yours or you.
I mean, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why coming out of my farm was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explain to someone who has declared the broken bank is harder than saying it's been gained?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five-year-old son that you're going to divorce you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop rating what is hard to do with what it is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our stars, and we must only feel empathy because we all live hard stuff.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make it secure, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what your walls are, a star is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that I had a horse tail, a stone and high heels.
It was not the military lesbian ready to fight any four year-old child that would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, recorded in a corner of my dark closet, promoting my gay grade, and the only one muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my whole life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grad, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable craftsman was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies -- in my black dress and tags -- I walked around the tables and eventually I got to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Lander."
And the gay story was started.
"Are you ever in the Carte?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Oh, you know my statistics Antarctica?
It's really good and never talked about having a nine."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program Will and Grace.
And you know who you love us? Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, described but on waiting to desperately show his support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink stars.
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the grade labels.
Seriously, it could have been easy to figure out where they felt like.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were charging.
And what else can you ask somebody else to engage?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody I have come out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Panama of Pantheon.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Beautife.
Look at it. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, the others should know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just give it to you -- scratch your parachute.
If you know they're gay, let's give it.
If you say to your parents who might maybe be gay, they will maintain hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can come out of safe wounds and apologize for what they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel disappointed. But something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dark bringing a grade, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very like that, but they're not.
Thank you, Boltheor. Enjoy the candle.
What is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote from Desert December that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim swimming.
When Adam Discover wrote this he did it as a critical to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the Earth's intelligence or intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept on Earth intelligence -- they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet merely stop doing it.
And so I claim this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that they knew, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be ultimately adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different subjects and putting them together, asked for a number of years -- is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different questions?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to a E = the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keep the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible -- yes, to an impending future time, take up.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be stuck.
Internet tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more desert, or "new control, for their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if, what happens if that conservation conservation between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if the intelligent behavior isn't only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Engineer, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is inside.
Surprisingly, Entrary could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money by buying action, all of it without that would have been told to do that.
Here are some examples of Entrance in action.
Just like a high-tech foot, here we see English balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave English a goal.
He simply decided to balance the posture.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability for tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate on the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that English can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a purpose game against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
Here we see English organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network very well connected.
This same network of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a plate of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend global level from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, English is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense issues, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and run a strategy, selled in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under its expensive management.
This skill of risk management will have wide applications in finance and safe.
Alex Mississippiness? What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behavior such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them are derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So let's go back at the beginning of the result of the room, the Roothear work, there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion of it.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It is not that the machines first become smart and then megas and try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite that the impulse of all the future of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask me, how is it that looking for targets from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand the human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the contact of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, over the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points to the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the lung intensity of stars when the planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rock like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this technology of potentially habitable worlds -- our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2011 was the hottest recorded.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from the millennia, are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not an astronomer of climate, or astronomy.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone very interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied Mars.
Our Rovers like the Curiosity, trace their surface in pursuit of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbiting it, like the MRI mission -- take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its skill.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But despite all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the vibrating ideas and pigeons, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the destruction areas of our planet who are still collapsed, really elaborate places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most lifted places on Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen removed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry about this enthusiasm by the colony of Mars and other planets running with a big and sad shadow. The implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is truly habitable -- the Earth.
For a lot of I like the international exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party really will get place later on the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land pressure don't contract.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world are lucky in our world.
They're just getting closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and insulin areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment. Fish paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermin said, considering our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to be able to continue to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary pressure and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to subject the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see from the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were fine.
I thought about calling a barrier, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a sign could take a lot of time to come in, and he was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe the next morning, and I was aware of my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a half night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it came out well.
I'm a professor, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
The cortex that increases heart rate -- modulate the levels of adrenaline and cloud the thought.
And when I got to the manufacturing show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't cry.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Katzlerad, who was winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I talked about he broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prospective retrovirus.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klei, who had written a few years before, known as well as the prime.
They all know what the post-conflict is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the prime, as Danny explained -- you look forward and try to figure out all of the things that could go wrong, next, trying to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are obvious, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the good things are, where the fish are, that put the fruit trees, where tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes into the taxonomists of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the squirrels. And yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the keys of the car, and reading goggles.
So in home you put a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passage, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you take a place and you're cross-based with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit card card, license of driving, provide it by mail itself to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortex.
The cortex is toxic and it supports thought.
So part of prime practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical approach.
But this was created as a prison for all of us from medical decisions, and in fact for the financial decision-making and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks to the heart, deliver brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a status."
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely that you know people to take them.
And so you think, "Yes, I'll take the status."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for the most doctors to not want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to be subjected to a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And you should think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not get me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's fault. And if you're guilty of somebody, it's the scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the substance estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recovered statue, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Greek and Pamela Hackerman, confirmed independently by Black.
I just explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, deliver brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one chance in 300 to go down my college.
Why don't you not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it is, "Hello of the secondary effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- and it was democratic pain and artificial pain, general pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, yet take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, they don't think of clearly.
So think about how they look at this over time, so they don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the statue of it.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that you get more in the older men -- 50 percent of the prostate per cancer, the number needed to treat is 44.
So it's 49 surgeries for a person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case, are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the important impact or electrical dysfunction, incredibly completely collecting cold, fecal finding.
And if you are lucky and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only last a year or two.
So the idea of the reward is to think about the question of the questions that you can afford to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a more short life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change opinion in the heat of the time, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases curve under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
I face face with a predator -- it doesn't need the digestive system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react quickly. They could be the lunch of the lions so nothing about that.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thinking -- like Danny Katuros and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail every time.
The idea is to think of the future how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place.
Reducing the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the door of entry in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages I haven't seen.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Philippine, B is my favorite music.
It means playing super-engineered.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a "Push, you need to play more gently to play.
Two pounds, even further.
Four pound, extremely nice.
This is my drawing of a "Ph.D." there, you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "buck, there may never be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs, the ASH, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over the 1800s, and over the time passed, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following blind their rules, consultants, behaviors and rules without them.
So how do I understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my high speakers, and they amplify sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't take the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the French passport.
"Don't era, and when you're eating it, I'm sure you're not going to throw up the covers in the plate."
This is all called the sound traffic."
Maybe I think about the standard of sound more than the average person does it.
I'm super surprise of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, by deciding it.
TBP: Just keep going.
TBP: And so there.
You can see that the powder has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle borders and manuals.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "pink in the ASH.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, for me, to make my thumb with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, he had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I was going from one place to another, realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance me?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it totally, or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything I had taught me in the sound, I decided to leave it and defend it.
I started creating a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was airplane, it was some of the open person.
And sound is so powerful that it could be depressed to me and my artistic work, or I would be able to emerge.
I chose to become employed.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers of AIDS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I'm not going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could go down in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was amazed by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ASH.
The two are very spatial and highly modulated what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as well as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how the car works.
So, imagine a piano.
ATH is divided in many different pharmaceutical parameters.
If you add a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so while you touch the piano -- the English is a linear language, as if you were just supposed to be a scale at a time.
However, the ASH is more like an actor, you need the 10 fingers in a symbolic form to express a clear concept or an idea in AIDS.
If you just change the agreement, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch, hair and volume.
In ASH, using these different gammack parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the flavor is on that."
This is the flavor of the Frankline on that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got stuck.
Oh, Oh.
What are you looking at.
Ah, like?
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Alaska through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single signal, the sun comes out and it puts.
This is all day."
And if you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say every night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night -- "No Now, at night --  "All the night."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AIDS and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
And then, past, "user "America." And the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "Once here."
"American time, it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "Indian time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MP: Right hand -- MIT hand.
We have the penis through the head and the chest.
(Music: Mouan, a fall "All Come on the chest, E, Ganglow.
Can you do it with me?
All of us in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like chest, something like common time or "Life.
Yeah, good.
That means love in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "collectivity.
Now, the third thing -- please take me back to me.
And again.
It's "light, in the ASH.
We're going to do the three together.
"I'll be looking at "colorful, "collective, "a "closer."
Good job.
Notice how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ASH is alive and pressure, like the music.
However, today, we live in a very social world.
And only because the ASH has no sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what social value is defined and allowing the car to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS.
The ASH is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Koreantas: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all together, but then you have to clean it up."
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also expanding and they're not very good at cleaning the others.
Last time, I am an adult and I teach citizens and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach transportation with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beaches and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something spectacular.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, and collecting those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We began to build this message of work with a lot of advanced children so that the children are also going to be able to participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about the robots.
Then we quickly create what we call "a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in accessories. And we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water, and because of the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the computer of the board process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "The "Instrade State "Artist?
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and they were trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they were stuck with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, only using the hands, in Sundance, the largest manipulate forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water where they bathe it, the water where they fishing, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil are also completely brown and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called sport, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectroscope that can shine through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what there is in the water.
We did this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I will tackle a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and fractive half and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fusuries, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution traces by 1967.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fusuries radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, is very safe -- is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fusual every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report the control center, here you see the use of different magnetics.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously but they did it because they are going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them, we discussed the data collected that day and we talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the interaction, etc.
And to do this, we created a rule tourist map from the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radiation, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
And so we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and it was required in the ocean.
It was a very much excitement.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up with a mile of the nuclear Central central, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting sediments of the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a program, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit of a small, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we converted it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, passion, basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the children of children can be reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students, acceleration. Archive.
Case Hard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age transforming their chairs of standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators shows, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin colors, two radically opposite culture.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk silk.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is important about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the brutal magnet, he saw a figure that he struggled to be free.
The film was just Michael angel tool.
But living beings are not collected.
They grow up.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by members of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have written a world made out of parts -- the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as a distribution of distributed parts with different functions.
But you don't find anti-specific materials in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are thin with delivered ports.
The skin skin is more thick with little ports.
You act primarily as a filter -- the other mostly surveillance, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- no analogies.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality by variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work right between the film and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- shows up in the two screens after me.
My work, on its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, leaving the assembly and getting into growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they carry four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old mayor of diameter with a vertical basis that someday not very distant to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanotechnology made of genetically engineered microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the sky, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and he has created a screen where every aperture is only unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a false flag -- this was for a fashion dead of Paris with Iranians Van Here. It's like a second skin made from one piece of piece, ridiculed in the contracts, flexible around the belt.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and failed 3D with no cost between the cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
The designers have access to this analogy of high resolution and synthetic instruments allow to design products that will adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair -- a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also to absorb sound.
Professor Carter my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface, it becomes substantial.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in richaria, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of other material or other analogy, but variation continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and it came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she really related, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a French crazy front tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between track, branches and leaves and fruit.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches and classrooms, stars and flowers.
The earth created a world made from parts.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects were made from a single piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the account, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crafts, spills and marines.
So we thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multi-to-perceptual structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal seats.  We asked a lot of shrimp scans, and we pulled them up and we produced hungry password.
By looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and optimistic, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures on the large scale, a system was built with multiple robotics collections controlled robotic corruption.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material only 3.5 meters long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photosynthesis microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that do their transition without protein problems -- and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fresh fruit of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to beautiful beautiful, put on the sea, feed marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The advance for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for international travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we did our own table of elements, new forms of life created computers, made in a daily form and in a biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid alcohol, only instead of transforming precious metals -- they synthesized new biological officials inside very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microbes.
The first one is circulation.
I live in our oceans and the freshwater stars.
And the second, E. collected, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumed sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their path function.
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, tracking the properties of the material according to the functional functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, will go down 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a prisoner at TED, our first paralyzed philosophy, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Sharley said, "We are creatures past fashion -- only half is made?"
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair the damaged tissue and support our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this way.
It grows up. It adds in addition.
This capacity of the worm for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets metabolists.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophisticated.
It's done by combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations of contrast.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first was learned in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to sink a copy of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand the best how this complex process, we put a small magnet into a silk worm to the hydrogen.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of the silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm on a flat pattern, not within a box, you realized that you had a flat cocoon and still metropolitan sandwiched.
So we started designing different environments, different analogists, and we've discovered that form, composition -- the structure of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often sink the silk worms to death inside their caps, their silk gets rid of and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the silk silk without boiling one capacity.
They would be mentally metabolized and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and cold areas and so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat -- destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the origamis.
We asked 650 silk worms to a silk silk farm.
And after they feed them four weeks, they were prepared to hurt with us.
We placed them carefully at the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they died, they were crossing up, they were showed up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity, and he was right.
The biological silk story about the hydrogen silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 1,500 silk worms held 1,500 miles away.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The pollens, after the election, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other flat vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new age of creation, which takes us from a inspired design in nature to a inspired nature in design, which demands of us, for the first time, that we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them "What do you want to be for greater?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask, "What do you want to be for greater?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be for greater?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the materials and art and developed websites -- also, playing the guitar in a punk band called Telescope French.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persuade all ways, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boring, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested with something else, totally different, and I get excited about it, and I let myself absorb and feel "Yes, I found my mine, and then again this point where I start to break.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denial all of my other passions and refuse to be able to be broken.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong in this, and something wrong in me for not defining anything.
I was worried about having fear of engagement, or being dispersed or being disappeared, or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to ask you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We are asked first, "What do you want to be for greater?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one cares what you answer at that age.
You consider an naive question to provide nice answers in children like, "Be autonomously, or "I want to be a parachute."
They insert Hawaii enjoy here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, per school, some high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from greater?
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes off.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you adults well intentionally intentionally and say, "Oh, how cute but you can't be an art of rape and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is an art of rape and psychologist.
And this Amy Niger, magazine publisher converted into illustration, businesspeople, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real volume, the idea that each one of us has something to spend for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiple.
A multinational is someone with a lot of interests and creative activities.
It's a mouth to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and detail.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a school, resilience.
During the age of the Renaissance -- the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherman refers to us as "search."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multi-like as limitation or available that you should come.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multinational superpowers here.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shake Han and Rachel Binnian expressed their interests shared in cartography, data, travel, mathematics and design, by the founding Menist.
Mexico is a company that creates inspired jewelry games.
San and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its ecological mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
The new ideas.
And the multinational, with all their antennae, can access a lot of these points of interest.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the biologists are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be printed, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we push, so we rarely start from zero.
Norman Donnell is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a child girl perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before I became a writer, North was financial planner.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started his practices and this ability helps him write compelling launches for the editors.
It's rarely a loss of time to give you what you can get in, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. It's the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Albert Charley is sometimes a direction of videos, other pages of web page, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of its clients.
The Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and presumably that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to satisfy the needs of the market, which really will thrive.
Institutions of ideas, rapid learning and adaptation, three skills where the multinational are very hard, and three skills that you could lose if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to promote the multi-like to be themselves.
We have complex problems, common right now, and we need creative thinkers to do in front of them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be a peripheral neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made out of a specialists and a compassionate multinational.
The specialists can dive deep and put into practice ideas, and the multinational offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are able to deal with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the Muslims largely are encouraged to simply be more like their fellow partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it is this: reconstruct with the internal wiring -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you specialize for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multi-like in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits of contagion.
They explore the interactions.
Or embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multinational, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1901, a woman named Australia, they took it to a psychiatrist in France.
And it was only delivered and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alandolo.
And Achilles didn't know how to help Apple, but he was coming up with her until unfortunately failed in 1966.
After his death, Alan did an automobile and found weird dishes and open plates in the bridge of Audience, of a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If you had been living today, we couldn't give it more help than Alan gave 115 years ago.
Alan was Dr. Allian Alzheimer's.
And only Dear Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001, medicine has advanced a lot.
And they've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, antiretroviral statistics for hearts, and much more.
But it has been programmed in the Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to include many of you.
If you wait to live up to 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's contract will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its cost provides a five times in 2050, as it enhances the generation of the boom, in the boat.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent you, cure or even slow down their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of us, even scientists, trust Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be responsive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to destroying a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found straight plates and weird open-sources in the Apple brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places on paper that are perfectly.
And when you fold good, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and open.
That's what we see in the patients brain with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the idea of what happened is complex, like definiting a bomb.
Cortex could do nothing.
Couple others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemistry, physical, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms and you can see they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are stuck between each other, like in humans with Alzheimer's people.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on an early stage, then we see that they live and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it grows up that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislation.
That was essential to move on the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like One, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night of last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are supported to ask you 36 increasingly personal questions and then more people look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And just what?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- I really like him -- "Tell your partner what it is from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled through this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the chip that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited to all of the laboratory to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall down.
However, we fell in love with, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the culture love for a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, keep together yet.
And the reason I think that this is because they've done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been willing to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that made a good deal of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday line at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday had already been called the Toyle Show and the Google Morgan America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, to say something, a little bit prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with connectivity about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- they always did the same question: Are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase, "Are you still together."
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked me.
I even gave a talk, and a woman scream to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your boy?
And I immediately made me red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have changed their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public appearance together.
He received television interviews, and refugee requests of us two of us.
I think I was afraid to become the indicating icons of the process of love: a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce perfect love, not just an adventure, but real love, life love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt about everything, that people would pose the wrong question.
How do we know whether we would follow together or not, and then tell it?
If the answer was not, it would do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal wasn't to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an international approach between college students, using what Aaron called sustainable approach, progression and recovery.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer to doing it -- several early studies also used the American quick protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little college of liberal art, and then a student came up to me and said to me, shape the study and didn't work.
He seemed disappearing for it.
And I said, "Do you mean you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he did a parachute.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but did they become better friends.
Do you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The asset.
So it worked. I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's about love.
I got to the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I was 20, what I was supposed to basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I went into science.
I invented everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make me match the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just researched for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious to me.
I thought that if I was stuck with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and just like I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than that I really have to tell me.
What I look for from love is a stream, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved independently by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall down.
There may be a way for some ways to mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very sad story, because to love it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, still still together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your mate?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it is this: a year ago, a known study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall down, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But to love it is not the same as staying in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I'm a little bit scared by reading it now, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that is supposed to be a choice.
I didn't consider how many times we would have that decision, and how long you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous and little and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth I don't really believe in.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy impact in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some of the leathers in the mountain and in a way I came up with a forest of the forest.
A time ago.  Something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and they would learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's thank you because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a point I was in Hawaii, I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a mountain for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I opened all the pages and I made a kind of califorming celebrations to the Agnes Martin, the resident covered and a bee was trapped up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it increased in size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, wines, strange bottles that I was finding out of the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow trains, drawing just as around a candy at the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own taxi taxes invented.
First, both of you who can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the response layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exposures and those things, and I was earning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Syria.
It was great, man.
At some point, I'm interested in the human form sculptures of natural size, with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition of it.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the queen.
So I did this for years, and my work cultured with something very large, I call Tragedy.
For the Treasure I was inspired by the "rain of High Bosh delicious delicious, which is a painting in the Marine Museum in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Okay, Tragedies." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 meters long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the laundry.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this information of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with the heads of animals are running into the cold, ready to kill mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a heart.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horizon -- the offender of the shoot of the delay -- Wall, the Smith Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
But also a kind of a community.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I hear oil in one hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a miserable micro-computer that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the Tragedies."
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I heard.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a clock, like a bird peak, and you hear clouds of this train.
It also has a $50 feet long a start to join the Tragedy.
Anyway, their tail would lead fire when you go on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a class eye made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They did in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very attached to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "Prison.
It's a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material being filmmakers, dictionaries or magazines.
But each acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they get together, they split.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope engine that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside it.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'm going to take you with the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it has, a kind of an angry thing.
It's a quick range of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a middle body in half.
This is two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue there.
There is a little forest scene within the Turkish civilization.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pini World.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio, a school, a school, a publishing arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We mentioned the box and all the people in the middle of each other like particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with dull and genetically we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
They take a space.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the guts and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and induce it so that any special drug effect in the body.
The disadvantage though, though, is that when you bring it any drug, it gets dilemmed.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the CEO of CDI.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they are trying to get to the blood stream, they lean down, and worse even for the time they are trying to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the spirit of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph children, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is integrated and it doesn't easily go into the blood stream of the patients that are held to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the introduction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment of life additionally additionally.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of the drugs.
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me: the lasers of course.
If you use it in organization, for the care of wounds and diabetes of diabetes, you can use it for anything, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people are wondering, "How is that possible?
We sent a small little laser beam on the mobile phone infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before even realizing the hole is reading immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Peters plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a district of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an industry that distributes the drug -- it releases directly in the site of infection, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all researchers of HIV -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, insecurities or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to get better to understand these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a state of states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 216 really signed peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even get them into any process of resolution of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-visual policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Helecati Helecath, known for his violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Helicon has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamps, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also admired the Gaza Bank since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shoot out.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the magazine of ISARA, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of fundamentalists without a seat, but through profitable businesses -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strengths, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals -- they put professional training programs or micro-machines.
Helicon offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that is not driving, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan or even the beginning of the Israel of SA: You can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006 is unable to be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrids.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can catalog them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrew?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their works, they collect the garbage -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a religious group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISA:
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments because to counter these groups will have to invest more in no military tools.
To fill that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolence transportation.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but we're not going to give peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that security vacuum to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions on gender equality are verbs, but I fear accepting openly the tag of feminist -- it would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm admitted as a bad feminist thing.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Baby Feminist: and then in the interviews, people started to call the feminist Malay.
So what started as a personal joke to myself, and a deliberate process, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist females, these furry women, angry with men and hate sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was using people who could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are independent." Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same ground for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of abuse or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible antibiotics and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without a need for legislative control or landscape doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There are more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, and gender expression, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have in account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist for me.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music I hear all volume.
Even though the letter gave the women and I depended on profoundly -- the classic School Shoot of the London Tinas is incredible.
"Make it reality with your motivate cheese.
Paris, goes, move until you hurt your contemporary.
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely dying by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the collection of garbage and the care maintenance and manipulation.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Bacomakelephicing. And the romantic media, and I have absorb fantasies of the stories that are actually made.
Some of my clinicians are more disappearing.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his kids, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to be economically vulnerable.
We solved this problem.
It rejected the conventional feminist that has ignored or deviced historically the needs of color women, workers and homosestic and transgendered women, and in favor of white women, helicopters, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism -- I'm a very bad phenomenon.
It also happens this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminists in a peter.
We hope that they are going to look at perfection.
When we get rid of them, we got them a lot of taste from the same post-conflict where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I already consider that petephology before you try to get me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as feminist as feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means -- for fear of not being able to do with the very realistic expectations.
Take the example of Berlin, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a decompined feminist in the last few years.
In the Muslim Video Adams in 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "temporary, three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop will openly embrace feminism and make women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started desertification debates whether Berlin was or not exactly feminist.
They calculated their feminist instead of just believing the word of an adult and a mature woman.
We demanded perfection of feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want so much we need a lot of it.
We go far beyond the sensory and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, to go through it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of partner.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our implications to notice, to go to action and be a bit more valuable.
If I hear democratic music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we cut the change effectively affecting their gain.
It certainly is hard.
Why does its music have to be so driving?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my overwhelmingly, three and four years old.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant girls, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option was inspired as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sex violence against women as a sport -- the Turkey Game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere, when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their companions like board cars.
In any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough women, both to participate like to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are survived but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also be able to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to decision pursuits.
Because we're not serious people. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, the people in the right power and film producers and music producers and musicians and clips, charters, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also address our feminist value, well, bad, or whatever it is.
The last line of my book "Made Feminist, says, "I prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because I had my voice stolen and feminism helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident in front of what happened.
A few kids asked me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated like anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
And they stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with it, I wrote again.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminist of the feminist I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I have the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need such a valuable.
Just after Christmas last year, 133 children in California were served by having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children on God.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a depressing immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Broadway outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse, the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that was unleashed about autism and devastated vaccines, disappointed and marked by being a fragment for the British Medical Journal: Meria.
Do you don't think most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a studio?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician I had heard about it created all his professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting out.
The fundraising organizations like autism Spains are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could contain another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Centers of Disease Center in Atlanta, they tend to base in phrases like the critical diagnosis Cyrus, and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language was not a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s decade?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to do with the slow and favorite progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1973, Kansas published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds -- none of the people around them, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands into their faces, but they were prey from the panic for mental memories like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, he declared that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome as it collected references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Critics of Kanziel for the diagnosis of autism were very restrictive for.
For example, it was willing to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
It was once claimed that he had turned nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to her computer to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanziel was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not curve.
He classified autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and disappointed parents.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the age of two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records he said, "Benethead.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, standing on things like kids were simply recording what they had heard their parents, desperate for winning their approval for it.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Love Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the mothers of Kandians was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John was warm and fearless people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Super without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They made a prevalence study in the general population.
They left a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that Kanziel model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, whereas others were focused on their fascination by astronomy, in dinosaurs or in the general general general.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and standards, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanziel would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one had stopped these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1994, the next year to the article of Kanziel, and then he forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but I avoided strengthal to mention it in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, Lord was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Assembling, who ran a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The idea of Asperger's ideas for the teaching of children with learning differences were progress even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music kinds of exercise, and children followed their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and space adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients as patients, Asian called them their little teachers, and he was devoted to help the development of methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
fundamentally Asian saw autism as a diverse continuum that had opened an amazing variety of gift and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always has been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture like awkward social scientist and teacher destroyed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a bird of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Kanziel was wrong when autism was incredible, as well as parents were the cause.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychiatrist to expand the critics of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into virus, supporting the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and inclusive Asperger's model.
These changes didn't fall in broken back.
Interestingly, when Lord and Judith worked between garbage to reform these critics, people around the world saw an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Rando Man" in 1988, just a little circle, I was able to know what the autism was, but after the inclusive act of Dummy Hollywood -- like Rammia Babbage and the recognition of Ray Man" with four prize prize prescriptions, persisces, psychologists and parents around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
Raise Man, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network of network, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnoses began to stick up, like Longo and Judith in fact hoped that it would be, making people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that were deserved.
So Andrew Watson came to blame the vaccines for increased diagnosis -- a simple, powerful story and seductive history as bad as Kandian theory that autism was intrigue.
If the current estimate of the prevention center of one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances, taking the new neurological term to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way of understanding neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asia, which creates the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zavingerka Zads once said, "We need all the hands on cover to address the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
